A strategy humble for hinder the for of
The leaders republican justify their policy the need of fight against the fraud electoral .
Now well , the centre as this last a myth and says that fraud electoral is least often in the states united that number of people that die to cause of the fall of a glimmer .
Of fact , the lawyers republican not have found more that 300 cases of fraud electoral in the states united in ten years .
A thing is certain : these new provisions will adversely to the rate of participation .
In that sense , these measures in part the system democratic american .
The contrary of what that happens in canada , the states americans are responsible of the organisation of the elections federal in the states united .
And in that same line a majority of the governments americans instance , to from of 2009 , new laws that cancelled the process of for or of vote .
This phenomenon has widespread after the elections of november of 2010 , that were the increase of 675 new representatives republican in 26 states .
In result , for the year 2011 introduced 180 projects of law that tighter the exercise the right of vote in 41 states .
The new laws election are that electorate be a document of identity with a was , also of a test of citizenship american .
Other part , these laws reduced the periods of vote which , the right to enrol as forrester in the day the polling and couple their right the vote to the citizens with background criminal .
Before of the elections of 2006 , no state american requirements that electorate us a document of identity with was .
The state of was the first in demand .
The court supreme of the states united this in 2008 the being of the law of .
This , the authorities abidjan quick to extend that practice to other states .
In the last years these authorities have supported projects of law in 34 states for force to the electorate to it a document of identity with was .
Is important have in account the contrary of what that is in quebec , the citizens americans not have of a document of identity universal , as the card of the security social .
Of fact , a 11 % of the citizens americans , is say , 21 million of people in age of vote , not have with no document of identity with was we a agency government of their state .
Another on , five million of new constituents in 2012 are of a document of identity with these characteristics .
But , to often , the obtaining the document of identity delays costs more of hundred dollars .
With what which , the new restrictions affect of way much to the young , the minorities and the people with income netherlands .
In effect , a 25 % of , a 15 % of people that earn least of 35.000 dollars the year , a 18 % of the citizens of more of 65 years and a 20 % of the electorate of between 18 and 29 years not have with a document of identity with was .
And still there more .
In many states the students , the electorate that more vote to the candidates democrats , not can use the document of identity with was we their institution .
Other part , these ourselves states authorise to the member of the clubs of fishing or of hunting that usually vote to the parties republican to use the documents worldwide these clubs .
Before of 2004 no state requirements the test of citizenship for vote .
Arizona was the first state in it this demand .
Since 2011 , a dozen of states has adopted laws that are that electorate prove that are citizens americans .
These measures for , clearly , limit the vote .
Seems be that two of every three electorate support the party democrat .
Another on , the legislators republican supported in 2011 certain laws that for of electorate the same day the polling in eight states .
Also , constrained the right of the people and the groups to create a service of aid to the electorate that is enrol .
These restrictions have consequences .
Example , in the elections general of 2004 , the campaigns of for of the constituents contributed the registration of around of 10 million of citizens .
The measures taken since 2009 succeed that rate of for of new electorate out in 2010 in compared with the year 2006 .
Also , the legislators republican adopted laws in other five states that shock the reduction the period of vote advance .
Example , in the elections of 2008 in florida , a 33 % of the electorate that voted advance were , while that these last not represented more a 13 % of the electorate the state .
In the case of the happening exactly what same .
These not represent more a 11 % of the electorate , what that is to a 24 % of the citizens that vote advance .
However , the white , that represent a 76 % the electorate , not represent more that 46 % of the citizens that vote advance .
Course , the legislators democrats and their supporters have theories desire to the adoption of laws that party the registration of electorate .
In this sense , the governors democrats have blocked several projects of law .
The ministry tax of the states united intervened for decision the laws more controversial .
Could , in part , limit the damage .
Example , so only 16 of 34 states adopted the law that requirements the presentation of a document of identity with picture .
However , is undeniable that new rules taken the exercise the right to vote in 2012 .
The critical democrats it the nature partisan of the laws that have voted , already that is clear that with them to influence in the results of 2012 in the states key .
A report the centre of 2011 shows that states that have adopted these laws represent 171 of the 270 votes necessary in the school electoral for achieve the presidency .
Is too soon for that with certainty if these amendments legislative to at of system electoral will a impact significant in the results of the elections presidential of 2012 .
A thing is certain : these new provisions will adversely to the rate of participation .
In this sense , the measures in part the system democratic american .
Detection the cancer of prostate : done the test or not apprising ?
In effect , the test of psa is , in times , results definite , with counterfeit results negative or even counterfeit results positive , after the decided to speeches medical so .
Is a reason more that enough for to doubt to the men , already provide of , on if should done or not the tests of detection .
Done the test or not ?
We asked council to two specialists .
In the studies by in the states united was a great rate of as between the groups of shows , what that is difficult interpret these data and to recommendations firm .
Their part , the study european was certain difference of mortality between the patients that had done the detection and the not .
The study , with a monitoring to the 12 years , proved also that there between the 30 and the 40 % of for of chronically assessment if not has done the test of detection .
Recommend , therefore , the test to from of the 50 years , or to from of the 40 years if your father has suffered cancer of prostate .
The men of origin have a rate of risk more high .
The key is take a good decision a time been the cancer .
There cancers aggressive and other cancers that are .
Is truly necessary achieve that patient understood the degree of risk of their cancer . you must offer all the options possible and not necessarily try the cancers of prostate that not cases against the life to long term , in whose case must has more well a surveillance active of the disease .
Today in day many men to the them has been a cancer not are treaties , since that said cancer not is aggressive not one a risk for their life .
In their place , them we a surveillance active of the disease and , if this onus , them we a treatment .
Every time with more often criteria precise for decide who should or not be treaty .
Recommend that do the test in any case .
But is important that about with their doctor for determine if must done the test or not .
Has created , in collaboration with the society international of , a tool that allows assess the pros and the pros the test of psa .
Can onto this document ( the time only in english , but grants translations within of little ) in the next direction : http : / / ca.movember.com / fr / mens-health / prostate-cancer-screening
Prevent the
Unfortunately , not there a recipe miracle for prevent the cancer .
To despite of the progress of the research , the adoption of habits of life made are being the better way of reduce the risks of have the disease .
Believe that if all the world well and certainly what enough , could prevent a 30 % of the cancers .
&quot; if nobody smoke , that rate rise , the least , the 50 % &quot; , underlines sainjon beaulieu , spokesman of the society canadian against the cancer .
In change , measure that around the 10 % of the cancers are as .
Many other are being completely explainable .
For the society canadian against the cancer , the fight against the smoking still being a priority to despite of the in the number of smokers .
The tobacco is with with the 85 % of the cases the cancer of lung .
Is , also , a factor of risk for other types of cancers .
It us the health of the people .
&quot; today today , still there 1.5 million of smokers in quebec &quot; , declared the spokesman sainjon beaulieu .
A fact hopeful : 10 years after of to of smoking , the risk of die of cancer reduces to the half .
The
The and the obesity by also the emergence of the disease , according the .
Poorly the risks of cancer of breast , of bowel and of totally , of nitrates , of and of womb .
&quot; the research shown that practice regulate of activity physical for whole the life it against the cancer of breast &quot; , in .
The
The agency should , also , limit the consumption of it red .
In large quantities , do ladder the risks of have a cancer colorectal .
The products of also must avoided .
The preservation of the meat for their , fodder or herrings can to the training of substances carcinogenic .
&quot; can damage the cells the agency and to the development the cancer &quot; , we for .
The
In the last years , several scientists have examined the links between the complex vitamin and the cancer .
However , the time their research not are bombing .
The , the studies about of the osteoporosis and are contradictory .
While that in one of them discovered a in of the risks of cancer of prostate , in another what that observed was , more well , a increase .
The effect of the osteoporosis d in the cancer not has been determine with clarity .
Other part , m. beaulieu should in the importance of about on the concerns and the background family of every one with their doctor .
&quot; to the test of detection not from cancer . &quot;
The of in
The announcement the likely discovery the of resounding a great shock the summer last , and with reason .
Believes , in effect , that is involve the mechanism for of the mass of all what that there in the it , nothing more and nothing less .
And what that is more , is of the whose existence snowfalls the model standard : our better or &quot; least bad &quot; explanation of the nature and the behaviour of the on , that still not has been seen economically .
But for the physical not is completely clear that involved of .
We place to doubt that there a new and that seems a of predicted the model standard .
Also , new data this week in a important congress of physical fact in kyoto seem confirm that what is , although still more data for be completely insurance .
Of all ways , we that is of , already that for of get seem few . will of what is .
There , in this great world , a law widespread and vital that means that two things not can is in the same place the same time .
Not there way of infringing that rule and not what trying too , because will governing damage .
Although the physical of the particles be a world very complex , has shown that also in she there a law of these characteristics : the principle of exclusion of , that stipulates that two particles not can should the same space the same time if are in the same &quot; state &quot; ; a &quot; state &quot; that certain , unity way , of some of their characteristics .
The physical classify the particles in two categories .
A part we we with the good citizens called , that supporting wisely the principle of .
And other are a laundry bunch of that not has respect nothing , or the least not this principle , what that means that can is in the same place and the same time .
According the indeed website the of the laboratories that , true , is extraordinary , the into in two groups : the restaurateurs , of the not we here , and the &quot; particles of force &quot; , the large forces of the nature spreading and with the which the of would of any way .
These , be stress here , not are the we believe .
Of fact , if by read this of , is thank to a extremely trivial : the or the &quot; of light &quot; that it as &quot; shoot &quot; of the force electromagnetic .
In effect , when a with a burden we accelerates or time of direction , &quot; &quot; the field in that be environment ; a little as when we a stone to a hole .
In this &quot; at &quot; stems a wavelength electromagnetic ( of the light , of the infrared , of the appalling , etc. ) , and this wavelength not is other thing a ; is say , one of the &quot; carrying of force &quot; .
Field more
Happens what same with the of , with the difference of that is of another field , the field of , that needs be &quot; countryside &quot; for that hang .
Now well , the field of is great more stable that field . for process ago lack to to energy extremely higher , a little as if like of a hole sobering in the so only a rock could scenario the surface .
This ago lack a in put of particles as the of the cern ( ! the great of is a ring of 27 km of circumference ! ) for achieve such levels of energy .
The analogy with the field is a new tool that it the relationship between the and the mass .
Of fact , not all the particles not all the materials royal with the field .
Some , as the eradicate , what do , but other not : a paper of role , example , not will never same politician to the door of a freezing .
And of the same way , not all the particles royal with the field of : the what do have a mass , while that rest ( how the , true ) , not the have .
Now well , what &quot; can to &quot; all these research ? , question the madam .
For the science , this it for verify the validity the model standard ( ) , and allows , also , that physical the differences between the comments and the predictions the .
Their part , many want desire that are , because the will difference could open a door to a &quot; new physical &quot; that certain holes the model .
This , there that say , has still enormous shortcomings , as that not proposes explanation any on to the serious ( ! ! ) or to the on whites , that constitutes around the 80 % of the on the universe ( ! another ! ) .
But not we found such differences in the cern to the time .

The impact of these research in our day to day are difficult of predict , but not we that we let the say that not will no .
For that just : to at of the years 60 , the pioneers the infrared in the laboratories not in no the revolution that their jobs result .
The not scientific , but nothing more .
Of fact , as already said the physical , that worked in the laboratories , where invented the infrared in 1960 , and that booklet the first infrared continuous ( the first were ) in 1962 , the principle the infrared was more well have a &quot; would of laboratory &quot; .
Imagine ...
And also , the applications can also to of whole the implementing that are to the research .
Example , the same booklet a of light in 1969 in the course of their research in on of angles .
To despite of that not was in no their intention original , this it now of &quot; eye &quot; for all the equipment digital the world , what that you thereby the peace of physical in 2009 .
That not to say , course , that activities the want necessarily into our lives , but that never know ...
Care palliative . the better way of die ... &#124; you
In their commission die in dignity , quebec indian recently the sensitive question the end of the life .
The debate must joined soon while for a project of law .
Now well , within of that dominance essential , still there that to .
You has tried it of close .
Ago hardly a weeks , the sr. l. living only in their flat of the .
The cancer of prostate that you was destroying you had given a breathing of two years .
&quot; i had given five years of life , but already have so seven &quot; , tracing , fact a is , want in their bed in the centre of care palliative victor-gadbois of , to the came the day previous .
&quot; but always is a shock , not we be prepared for this &quot; , continues .
The disease you has caused havoc : a weakness huge that you from go only the one and even feed only .
At with to a lunch , on resigned that you help to feed .
Purposeful , a even to he , to about with the issue that you play attention , you bring medicines and you offered a one .
The courage of the death ordinary .
&quot; my greater wish is that i the parasitic , is humiliating &quot; , admits .
A hours more later , the team found no to that .
&quot; in the course of our lives spend a man ago of ordinary &quot; , tracing pierre , guillermo in the centre victor-gadbois .
Return to their childhood , for certain people , is a humiliation unacceptable .
&quot; that on of the capacity of the person for accept that regression &quot; , complaints .
Because , according the opinion of the majority of the people that working in care palliative , the large at have place in the heart same of that regression .
All the patients that entering in the centre of care palliative victor-gadbois have cancer .
Have a prognosis of life maximum of three months .
In that state , the team of doctors and nurses that them around already not offered the care &quot; curative &quot; .
The greater fear of the sra. a. , of 89 years , is die &quot; aware and &quot; .
But the disease you has fact be to their children .
&quot; have a good children &quot; , adds .
&quot; already not i are more wishes in this life &quot; , says , before of accept that you long a for overcoming to breathe .
And expected , in the next days , a last visit of their son that lives in italy .
In victor-gadbois offers , with a group of voluntary , the care the body and aid to the food .
Are care palliative that them are when not can to nothing more .
For help to that their death be more .
In quebec we with a bed of care palliative for every 11.700 inhabitants .
Is very little , already that we that all will die some day .
Here , the life continues in the best conditions possible , it the dra. , a of the male the centre .
Already be to level of comfort physical , emotional or spiritual .
The you offered of their with brandy or , according the demand .
To the diabetics already not them controls their rate of sugar .
The death way part of what everyday .
Yesterday the night you uses a beer the sr. x , that died in the course of the night .
This morning , their son end the beer to the feet the patriarch .
&quot; about therefore to the patients as to their beings loved &quot; , tracing aged , there of the care .
In the centre victor-gadbois the days discussions be never equal .
The on of a man of 94 years that their last meeting family in the yard , well was between their while all they to their health , a young of 36 years dies of way tragic , surrounded their parents , their woman and their two children , after have tried all for survive .
&quot; since ago six months , always there of three to five caged top people age of 45 years that of cancer &quot; , concerned the dra. .
A 53 % of the patients that are admitted in the centre victor-gadboisarrivent next of their home and a 47 % the hospital .
Problem the access to care
A 77 % of the canadians simply not has access to the care palliative , is say , to the care some for alleviate the suffering when a ill a to the stage terminal of their life , be in their home , in the hospital or in a centre of care .
And several bodies , as the centre victor-gadbois and the society of care palliative to home the grand , organized almost exclusively in the care of the patients with cancer .
Is precisely that great we on in the care health of quebec what that ago that many doctors councils in care palliative fisherwoman the adoption of a law that noise the euthanasia and the suicide for .
Since the month of october , a clear signed nato of the care palliative , as the dr. prejudice and the dr. albert , everything for demonstrate their opposition to such initiative .
According the dra. , the system health of quebec not is what enough responsible as for ensure that who have right to care palliative of quality before of that accept to with the euthanasia .
&quot; recently &quot; , tracing , &quot; i seen to a patient to 14 days in topical suffering large other that has fact what necessary for relieve .
Fear that patients who die only because not receive the care suitable &quot; .
And parallel , many much with their patients to the last day , to despite of the worst prospects .
The hopes of survival of hélène richard were already under minimum when he a treatment of chemotherapy exhausting .
&quot; when you i to my that wanted stop the treatment , she i said that you was very it that like to of fight &quot; , tracing .
&quot; however , ! she i had said that not had nothing more that to ! &quot;
Not there care
The dra. believes a 90 % of the people that considerably die grateful to their carers that not them have with in their demands a time them has relieved their pain thank to a team of care palliative .
But there that say that care palliative not are absolutely in what that as the treatment the pain .
According , there of the care palliative to home of grand , the patients not they to the treatments against the pain in a 8 % of the cases .
The end of the life , the doctors usually resort to the sedating palliative , that it for ball the patient to the time of their haemorrhaging , already be of way sporadically or of way permanent .
Not we pretend that not we that part the suffering .
Every time more , the disease not reassured is to have the possibility of have that sedating palliative .
The people that not are relieved say all what same : &quot; i i die &quot; .
But that not to say necessarily &quot; i the euthanasia &quot; , but &quot; i that i &quot; .
The realisation of this exploit has been possible thank to a uniforms of journalism of the institutes of research of health of canada .
Repeat rented of great as in
Officials of the network road , employers the , despised of funds of parties political and specialists of the mafia italian have , day after day , what that know of a frontier &quot; system &quot; , the are part the industry of the construction , officials , political , unionists and landing .
A &quot; industry &quot; that went too expensive to the taxpayers quebec , on all in the years 1990 and 2000 .
&quot; is how the system a time we manager to the large media &quot; , delors , member in quebec and former head of the police of montreal .
He the outbreak the scandal in 2011 , that was possible thank to a research to fund on the embezzlement compounded to contracts of roads in quebec , that first minister liberal of that time , jean , not had deceased more that in delay .
The &quot; report &quot; set a link direct between the industry , the funding illegal of the parties and the corruption between officials .
&quot; since the start of the research in 2010 , so only the ministry of transport would saved billion million of dollars in contracts &quot; , analysing some of their prompts of stay with a part proportional .
The commission &quot; already has fact we to two mayors &quot; , adds , while expected power to to &quot; demonstrate the ploys existing behind of the individuals &quot; .
A unit permanent corruption , created in 2011
The unit permanent corruption , created in 2011 , applies also with their team of controllers , researchers and analysts the government .
This unit works also of the police of &quot; the maps &quot; , that , since 2009 , have fact that &quot; cartel the undue &quot; of montreal moderates to the time of teach contracts .
These last weeks , the unit has allowed the registration in series of the accusations fraud and corruption against charges municipal as frank and richard , mayor of a city of the stopped .
The next of the list would savary , that has of resign of their since of mayor of laval , third city of quebec .
Suspicion that has bombing bribery to change of contracts public .
Has accused formally to engineers of the network road of montreal and to employers of origin italian , as tony and wales .
This last has caused shock the explain to the commission the mechanics the &quot; system &quot; of obtaining of contracts public .
He same paid for three years a 3 % the value of the contracts and in montreal to a broker concerned to the mafia that keeps the money to dimension , the party the mayor .
M. money to are and are for the years 2000 , granting more of 88.000 dollars canadians ( a 68.000 eur ) to parties provincial , on all to the liberals in the power .
Befriended , also , have organised a laptops of funds illegal for the ex-viceprimera minister liberal , aged .
The inflation the cost of the contracts of
In montreal , the &quot; system &quot; of corruption did with effectively .
Savary , of works public , what he perfectly to the commission : in ten years received those , inviting to travel , of golf , restaurants , parties of hockey and bribery of companies the sector of the construction a total of 736.000 dollars , all this to change of contracts of undue whose costs much .
Other officials of the network road have admitted that received money teach the bills between a 30 % and a 40 % in concept of counterfeit extra .
Also , a whoever the party the mayor , martin dumont , was to m. of have fact the view blind deliberately to a budget parallel and country their coffers of money dirty .
To as of these revelations , m. resigned to principles of november and was to montreal to a crisis huge .
Was a of the first policies ourselves of montreal that was sound the alarm .
As unable the district of rivière-des-prairies , in the of the island , opposed since 2010 to the sale of a ground municipal distinct 5 million of dollars and 1.6 million to the promoters in plenary boom estate .
The 70 % the money of the campaigns election was money
Of the research that finally will to out , she will that remuneration &quot; of a balance for power understand the functioning the system , , for stop the and fishing to the guilty &quot; .
And adds that process is &quot; painful , but positive &quot; .
We their the injured but would lack a unit of research clean in montreal and be very vigilant for that practices dubious not not .
How to the tidying .
Regularly .
Delors , their part , states that &quot; the officials have stolen hundreds of million of dollars &quot; , but is on all the role of the &apos; &quot; political elected the aware of the thus &quot; .
In a 70 % the proportion of money dirty that on to the funding of campaigns election in quebec , : &quot; i have said that not is more a for a of the reality &quot; .
The government proposes limit to 100 dollars the donations to parties , but that not will the donation , according he , &quot; while not speaking strictly the expenditure election , will money dirty in the policy &quot; .
Answers a review full the system of fair of contracts public and of funding of the parties : &quot; not we we more under ; go the fund of the things , with courage , we will rebuild the home with a foundation more solid , with more controls and laws &quot; .
If this history pleasure the image international of quebec and of montreal , m. attend to those that laughing to take the mirror .
&quot; ! the not is the shout barcelona ! &quot;
This season has distinct a new entity with the .
How outbursts that progress ?
Could explain a take of awareness individual , but also the new dimension the .
Have come large players .
Of day in day to their on .
The personal technical also i has has a .
And these elements i same to on to raise the level of my at .
In a party , that is more easy .
All is very quickly in the football .
But i not i .
Since my at in the centre of series of to my step saint-etienne , always i progress to steps bounds .
Is to obtain benefit of the competition carlo .
The recruitment of this summer are used to also parties of very high level .
Know that every invariably is crucial .
That ago a player as i have wish of fight and take all .
Other part , carlo i provided a in as to my enabled .
Is supported deputy as claude , that by in the same position that i .
Is the man that needed the team ?
Of .
Have respect to all the technical .
Today today , not there nobody as in the league 1 and is between the best huge european .
Has a great experience and has cattle many titles with the best clubs .
Has worked with large players .
I that will other titles in paris .
In january had a conversation very comforting with he .
I had of out of a series of injury .
The confidence that has in me it also my good performance .
What think on the in the first part of the season ?
In the league 1 , lyon we has taken the since of leader .
But we in the ambush .
One of our over objectives is the league of champions : we we mainly for the of end with lifestyle .
What is the aim the club in this competition ?
We to try of to what more far possible .
To from of now , can to any thing .
But we that say with to many and very good equipment european .
We , for start , end the first of our league with the oporto for power receive the back of of end .
The can become in a great club european to short term ?
Already has the budget ...
For become in a great club european , paris has that earn titles and be there to long term .
Today today , that not is the case .
To level economic , the is given to their media for that project never .
Not earn the world in the league 1 , as in the last season , would a great failure ?
Of , would a great disappointment .
This year we to invest all our efforts in us that title of champions .
In the last season not we far .
In may we have a disappointment , already that had with the conditions privileged for i first .
Had a season strong .
Coal with 79 points .
Normally , with 79 points should have been champions ...
But another team , the , had a season quite better .
This year i that will the good .
Even if the large equipment as the marseille , the lyon and the bordeaux fighting the title , i that we with the weapons for .
Believes that media expect more the ?
Is normal that be a of us if we in what that has made in the players that we .
What we accepted completely .
After of that 4-0 in home to , that still are with things that absence is a little frustrating .
We ask what more expected the people .
Never we earn 4-0 all the for of week .
! not we the shout barcelona
We of to in a project of at .
A team build with time .
In the league of champions we shown that we to and be present .
! look the manchester holder that , after two ifremer , not has achieved into for of end , and them also have made great
In view of the sums alas , you with 15 points of advantage to the working .
That would neglect to our adversaries and the championship of france .
Lyon and marseille , that not were well the season previous , have seen &quot; powered &quot; this new .
That shows that league 1 is prevent .
Hope that in may we say with a around that , to despite of all the difficulties , we over us the leterme .
The seems completely dependent of the successes of you you .
Better that say that we a &quot; &quot; .
That to say that you is very responsible and that bottom many goals .
Has come for demonstrate that is the star of the league 1 .
And has shown in all the equipment the has last that is a great player , a star world .
In the group we the man and the player .
And he also respects to the men that has to their around .
What that has fact is truly exceptional .
That to to the others to increase their level of at .
Da , one of the best defenders the world , allows also that all move .
How olivier through the football 2012 with the team of france ?
Has been a disappointment .
Was very himself participate in this football .
Unfortunately , my injury i was consecutively time of at .
I things there and i reinforced .
Today achievement playing good parties in the selection .
Is what that than since my baptism with the &quot; blues &quot; .
Learn the lesson of what that happened in ukraine and to this must that today we a behaviour exemplary .
What vision you the first month of didier the with of the &quot; blues &quot; ?
Is obtaining results .
Are well located in the group of classification for the world .
The is stringent , have to the players and have to earn .
As was the case of laurent disagree .
But not i to comparisons .
Disagree in their aim of for the football .
Hope that didier carried to the selection to brazil .
The score ( 1-1 ) the 16 of october in spain was for lay the foundation ?
That at we was confidence .
Every one all .
Before of that shock in spain , not had through a at be in whole my career .
With , pay and sell
All what contrary to the exchanges monetary current , based in the banks central , the transactions hidden and the burdens of prosecution between the parties .
Also , as to often happens in the technologies , the vision policy is talking : the conviction of that system monetary current , up of monopolies banking , has to the crisis financial .
Of fact , , zuse ( a ) , is to the time a currency virtual converted to dollars , eur , etc. and a protocol of change sure to the way of , that allows the exchange of file of as to as .
Have reported close of 200.000 transactions thank to 15.000 computers of the network .
And close of a billion websites website accepted the as donations or as way of payment .
The prices the , after have come to the top of 30 dollars ( 23 eur ) in june of 2011 , fell to 2 dollars five months more later , before of again today to haunt the ten dollars ( the contributions in the indeed bitcoincharts.com ) .
Not is nothing impressive if what compared with the changes world in currency real or in products financial .
However , the bank central european ( ecb ) was he in a report on the coins lot published in october .
In he , described the as &quot; the currency virtual with more success &quot; , &quot; that competing with the dollar or the euro &quot; and &quot; similar to the coins conventional &quot; .
Difference of other systems with types of coins lot as the &quot; appropriations &quot; , used for move in a and that can earn playing or can buy ( and even in times ) .
The network social facebook developed also this kind of system .
But in all exchange a authority central controls and is the changes .
With the , all the nodes of network are to the time trustees of books of accounting , verifiers , interim of currency and buyers and sellers .
How works that network ?
Every compromise between two users ago in reality between two directions electronic in way of email electronic .
A user can choose a direction different for every payment , thus so the deeds .
A whole of information compounded to this compromise signing electronically to through of a system of have to double key .
The network can so verify the authenticity of the compromise .
Thank the content the file , is also possible ensure that changes of will in the book of accounts public , that you whole the network .
The milestone key is in write that new compromise in that book .
This is the resolution of a challenge have it to the computers and the winner , a kind of banker central provisional , will the privileged of add that line supplementary .
Is of a phase of of mens , is say , of transformation of a great mens in a left strength more shorter and only .
The computers &quot; you &quot; the new compromise and in a number before of &quot; &quot; the whole .
The aim is find the number that will a left particular ( more zeros the principle ) .
A time that is that number , the other nodes easily that is the good .
The compromise is then people to the chain of joint of the other transactions ; whole change replaced the left .
If , for commit a fraud , a user like pay two sometimes with the same money very quickly ( in least of ten minutes ) , the network only accept as valid a of the two transactions ; the other would europe' , already that both have fingerprinting different .
The computer that opportunity the challenge has 50 .
For avoid the inflation , that to into in two regularly , with likelihood before the end of 2012 .
The number of in movement is , therefore , limited to 21 million , but are divisible to the , what that is a for broader .
The difficulty of this challenge reveals also in every increase of the power of calculation .
The life of the network has already their ups .
The websites website that offered services for have been attacked and have stolen in by .
&quot; the failure used not affects the same protocol &quot; , will pierre , that has of launch , a company of payment in currency real that used the network .
The ecb has in account also the for of of money thank to this service fundamentally .
But the money in effective is the same fault .
The players of weight as one reject the payments of this kind .
Other , as the platform , the accepted .
Recently , adi and rum , the in israel , study the book of accounting and were that close the 80 % of not everything .
In november were the &quot; cheap giants &quot; .
&quot; changed 30.000 dollars &quot; , , that working for , that becomes the in gold .
Pierre , author of a book locked on that currency , believes quite in the potential of this technology also of in the network of transactions .
Their system , , is to a card of credit ( in currency real ) or to a payment mobile contact , but used for validate the transactions , that so are more cheap .
The her , also , variety their identity and can , therefore , remain in the deeds .
The system is easy of to in in the shops , that not have that on new intermodal not .
Them enough with supply a direction a telephone can &quot; filming and recognise &quot; , precise pierre , that will have thousands of users .
There a movement general of review of the systems aggressor systems more horizontal .
&quot; will lack a time for that will , but in 2013 could have a change &quot; , tamils .
Other part , in their report the ecb for enhance the risks various , today who higher , in case of that currency have success .
We out of afghanistan .
And after ?
The troops french abandoned their area of responsibility in afghanistan ( and ) .
The nato and the americans must out to for of 2014 .
Is time of that army out truly possession of their territory and that afghan choosing their future , wait nothing of us .
We punish on all to the farmers afghan , to the we have terrorists .
And to us ourselves , with our 88 soldiers killed , more the injured and the maimed .
The taliban have with extremist foreign and old heads refugees in pakistan , but to often also with farmers that reject the presence the army abroad , as in the times of the soviet .
Want defend their traditions , old and , even if to their causes between the jihadist , the pakistani , the arab , the or the .
, to sometimes even house the insurgents local , they already not what will when the western do more discreet .
The starting of the troops french of the basis of , that saw since what high of the tribes cultivation of thank to the appropriations french , was order .
The of lorry and of tanks were to kabul have no attack , spotlight the helicopters .
Not will everywhere of taliban in kabul to from of end of 2014 .
The circumstances have changed since their progress between 1994 and 1996 .
Kabul was then we and the country dragged in ceasefire and blood to cause of the struggles between different factions .
Their the of control the country had been perceived as a kind of liberation , the return to the security .
The afghan have paid the price the obscurantism of their farmers behind the organisation al-qaeda , but their situation not is better today .
The old , the government current and the current taliban shared the wish of keep to the women in a position than .
The main personalities of the war only the power in 2001 .
Have become in speculators , governing with areas government for as mirrors for the refugees that have again of iran and pakistan , benefit to the couple of enormous contracts americans of cater .
Are jumped ; the majority of them not have fought .
The people , according i heard in the field , is to a government that not is have honour .
Many young want leave , as also iran the have known profit of the generosity american : the flight of capital is considerable .
The young are tired of the war and of their ideologies .
Have through the world modern for their people in iran or pakistan and have in their advantages .
With around of a 65 % of their population will of 25 years , kabul account now same with 5 million of inhabitants , a fifth part of the population total .
In the cities , the schools state are in therefore of girls as of children .
Will that to work to these young that not childless again the obscurantism of the old parties not to the corruption of certain leaders .
All , including the opposition armed , are or of mobile mobile . the television and their turks that have a world modern has large admirers in all the country .
The army is now present .
Assessment legitimate the authorities that want you the country ?
The old staff of the fight about already of they the militias provincial , that power central .
Afghanistan , country of mountains , of strong identities local , should power benefit of a certain decentralization to image of the nations western . however , the states united what have wanted into in a state centralised , with a power presidential strong , removing the since the first minister that there since the constitution of 1964 .
The president karzai not to the control abroad , in particular with reason of the elections will in april of 2014 .
Not however , their country on of the aid foreign since the years 50 and even before .
No industry has restored their services , not has managed no not have repaired the systems of irrigation important .
All is imported and not is nothing are fruit and vegetables .
The priority is to the initiative private .
In a country ruined after 30 years of war , would been necessary the control government .
The rumour of that afghanistan possessed enormous profit areas .
And that not was more that increase the sense of that western were there for seizing of them .
Energy for from the on of iron or of as the ground and means of transport for export to through of the mountains , not there exploitation mining .
The chinese already almost have abandoned the mines of as of month , being that prehistoric international ( financed the bank world ) the in site and remain there as the employers more important of the province .
Will also lack that afghanistan and pakistan , country the on this imports and the exports , restored their relations normal .
The troops french left the 20 of november .
The new treaty of cooperation for the continuation of the aid traditional : schools of girls , schools of children , a department of french in the university , the institute french , the cooperation in the areas military , legal , health and agricultural and the support to the delegation resist .
Since 2009 , with the subject of try &quot; who the hearts and the haunting &quot; and of to the impossible task of to that aid and the actions offensive line , a service of &quot; actions civilians and military &quot; the ministry of defence ( ) , of in 2012 , brought and was bring to through of a small ngos french many jobs of interest collective and actions of rehabilitation agricultural in tens of villages of mountain .
These jobs , of obtain hand of labour local , have been help to contain the uprising : irrigation , wells , water drinking , reforestation , trees fruit , protection solar and increase of land of as .
What we as remember after two million of eur of expenditure military ?
A budget more well modest will to the improvement of the conditions of life local , very tough in these gorgonzola located to often to more of 2.000 metres of all .
The embassy received tens of demands written with small proposals agricultural made communities local of the province of .
For that must of the uprising has to out the groups foreign , something that farmers i have said that want , would lack keep a small aid civil , well controlled and that them it directly .
A constitution with in
Is a new double or nothing the president mohammed .
While that egypt is more divided that never in as to the statement constitutional , that you make provisionally powers a , he decided playing the all the all .
By to all the world surprise the wednesday , when announced that house assembly would their text end the day next .
Ago so only a week , the head of state had given two months more to this house for end their jobs .
And ago almost two years that egypt used a text provisional , several sometimes amended , what that it the stability institutional and has to judicial .
This new initiative not has fact more that increase the fractured in the country .
For their opponents , the president ethical in their &quot; grand approach &quot; and continues &quot; betraying their word &quot; and &quot; trampling the right &quot; .
Part of their supporters , will that is of a as for end more quickly with the crisis institutional and policy and speed the process of transition .
In the next 15 days should organised a referendum .
A time of time very short that forced to the muslim to up to their project of explain the text , article article , to the egyptians .
For the president , is also of a way of to a being popular and democratic while the discussion cause havoc in all the country .
Mohammed seems convinced of that egyptians will to their favour , as said in a interview the respectable american time .
At that appeal has voted with very quickly , contains a for the people egyptian : &quot; or vote my text or i the powers a &quot; , powers that supposed that to their end with the adoption of the constitution .
Is in that environment strange in the 85 member of this house assembly , islamist in their great majority , voted the text yesterday .
The majority of the liberals not out to the call .
To in of november , a little before of the statement constitutional , had closed the door because considered that not could to assert their points of view .
The representatives of the rights human , the minorities religious and of the society civil did what same .
To end of that was the quorum necessary , yesterday the morning but to 11 people , member substitutes , to whole haste .
Some of them are very those to the muslim muslims .
As expected wait , the articles voted what have been unanimity .
To the commentators them ago grace , other part , the fact of a of the few discrepancies of the working has expressed virtually to the time of the sentence , therefore is so that several member the committee came to think that clock of the assembly was .
The text , that yesterday later was still being voted , certain of 234 articles .
The article 2 , subject of all the expectations , still being finally same the of the constitution of 1971 , that stipulated that &quot; the principles of the sharia are the source main the right &quot; .
The parties , for who the establishment of the law islamic is a vindication fundamental , were that so replace &quot; the principles &quot; &quot; the rules &quot; , what that would allowed a implementation more strict .
For the islamists , that article not has been amended is a guarantee of their good will and of their respect towards the other components of the society egyptian .
The liberals what of hypocrisy and they that not is more that of a interpreted advertising .
According them , the islam of the constitution ago to through of other articles .
Are , in special , the article 220 , that which to the university al-azhar a role advisory , in particular for all at that has of confirm their accordance with the laws of the sharia .
According the specialist in egypt sophie , is disturbing because &quot; the people call to upon not is elected and not has no legitimacy democratic .
Here detect the premises of a theocracy &quot; .
The fears of the liberals are also by the fact of that next rector of this university would quite least moderate that current .
&quot; now , not there a involvement religious concrete .
With this constitution we in the framework the state civil .
The majority of the lawyers that have working in that text not are intolerantly but it , some of them educated in the system french &quot; , it , that for a i on the transition constitutional egyptian .
But recognised that can have certain ambiguity in about the article 220 , therefore the terms employees tired the vocabulary religious .
&quot; we talking in particular the term &#91; for islamic , &#93; .
And the question that could be in the future would in what measure are the judges civilians competent for upon above of all this &quot; .
More beyond of their nature religious , the text voted yesterday has received many criticisms that are to the powers prize that which the president of the republic .
The muslim muslims argue that are few in compared with the were for the previous regime .
Another point contention : the powers conferred the army .
With the wish of the military , the review the budget of defence not will subject the parliament , but to a council national of defence .
Not will the from of civilians in courts military , as protestors the associations for the defence of the rights human .
These also were their concerns relating the text , that they was .
The crime of blasphemy in and , of now in forward , the insults are prohibited , what that could have serious consequences for the freedom of expression , on all the of the press .
Also , no article emphasises the protection of the women , underlines , of rights rights watch .
According she , what only positive has been the ban of the torture of agreement with the article 36 .
The word not one in the constitution previous .
Although the president egyptian should out yesterday the night in the television , out demonstrations for this at .
The supporters the head of state demonstrated the saturday .
In israel , to the tourists ukrainian them expect the land holy , the however the world and a sea of
The land promised being the ambivalent of the truths with the comfort modern and a nature .
&quot; &quot; lighthouse the five reasons more important the must visiting israel .
In the land
Is the it visiting the river river where jesus was soup .
Believes that who that joining in this &quot; removing &quot; will the grace level .
And operation , the place of the miracles of jesus : the conversion of water in wine in the so , moving on the waters , the appeasement of the storm and the networks teem .
In this same place , jesus about to their disciples after of the resurrection .
But the greater amount of places holy is in jerusalem .
The believers only here the or the way of the cross of jesus ( in latin &quot; to painful &quot; ) .
Beginning in the fortress of for , the , where was the trial , and continues the streets of the city old , is the survived in the mount , the place of the , to the stone of the and the place of ancestors of jesus .
In this same place is also the however christian symbolic the world , that symbolises the saved of the humanity .
And the monastery of the holy cross in jerusalem , built in the place where , according a atomic christian , had a tree the was the cross for the of jesus .
In jerusalem is also the place more sacred for the jews , the wall of the wailing ; the remains of a temple destroyed the romans in the year 70 dc .
As is tradition , people of different religions is here were with their wishes , that then will reality .
To a journey
The ruins of the fortress was what that became of a refuge secret against the enemies , that herod the large unable build in the year 25 to . c. for their family .
Are in the of mountain to a all of 450 values on the level the sea .
And to to there their own media , only can those that must to the escalation .
The others can to to this summit historic in the .
And in the north the country to a at of 1600-2040 values is the famous station of ski , where in the months of winter there a great everywhere of tourists .
To there , since the ordinary of the hill offered services of bus .
The length total of the runs of ski is of 45 km.
According a former atomic , in the top of the mountain supposed gods .
Visiting museums
In this country there around of 300 museums .
In a only journey not visit all .
But is the it visiting what least five of them , the more interesting .
Between them is the museum of israel , it close of the knesset ( parliament israeli ) .
In he globally the old those the sea died or of , investigations in the underground the desert of , and around of 500 billion parts archaeological and .
Is the it visiting the museum of art in tel tel .
In their statement of paints account with of and such as refer , , they , , , , , dimitri or artistic .
In acre can visiting the museo-baño that are some rooms of old bathing turks with figures model of visitors and bathers of that time .
In is the it to the edf museum private , where can fingers the sculptures of and .
There not there guides tourist not shops of .
The entry is free , and categorically not accepted donations .
The fifth , the museum the holocaust or vashem vashem in tel tel , shows a of the pages more dramatic of the history .
The section more tragic is the memorial of the children , built in memory of the 1.5 million of children killed in the camps of concentration and the chambers of gas .
In he and you find in absolute darkness .
The stars going .
And hypocritical the names of the children jews and the names of the countries in the lost the life .
Ukraine mentions also .

The three main areas attracting of israel are to on the sea mediterranean , the sea red and the sea died .
In every one of them there swimming , parks substantial , and museums .
Is that in the sea red bathing even in the months of winter , already that temperature the water not low of the 21 degrees and the air heats to the 23 degrees .
The sea died is still more warm and there by for all the year .
True , this sea , the more so in the world , is in the point more under the planet : to 417 values under the level the sea .
The waters blue of there are a from that easily maintain to to the not know swim .
The landscape of the but are truly dreadfully .
The people a here for to courses of treatment with water they , from and curative and their health in cases of intensive , allergies , asthma , , , bronchitis , disease and for to in order their serially are .
The mysteries of the
The retains the part former of tel tel , the sacrifice of jaffa , in the at mediterranean .
She was the famous route maritime that egypt , syria , and mesopotamia .
The city is this in the old myths greek and egyptian .
According account the atomic , was here where ark was their ark and rescued to the with who , in this same place , was a long and happy life .
To the tourists them love wander the links streets that have the names of the signs the .
Say that if results the walls in the street of your &quot; same &quot; symbol , the from you will favourable .
In jaffa can find partners of would married that come of all parties of israel , and even of other countries for .
And in , the city the king herod , can wander the theatre roman , &quot; take &quot; the fortress of the crusaders .
In the time roman , was the city main of and the residence of the romans , including his his .
The theatre , with restored , used now for concerts night and performances of opera .
Tourists
If travel to israel , not worry if their english is that desired : in this country around the 30 % of the population about russian .
The money for this journey not is recommended taken in eur , but in dollars , that can be easily a to ( currently 1-3 $ , 8 ) .
The transport urban consists mainly the buses , but in jerusalem there tram quickly and in haifa is the only line of metre the country , that certain of six stations and it the city low with the city high .
In reality , is of a underground .
Travel in any kind of transport public costs 6 and this price can travel doing for 1.5 hours .
In israel , according the tradition jewish , the i is the .
Since the night the friday to the we the sun the saturday , markets and shops close and the transport public the their work .
But the sunday the morning starts a new week labour .
In many owners , restaurants and hotels only it food , that flying meat of pig , downwards , fish and dishes in the combining milk and meat .
There offers a wider selection of dishes to basis of meat of beef and lion , soup and prepared with milk of villain , the traditional she call , great variety of soups , that are balls of curative , fruit and vegetables .
In the streets of the cities israelis not are dogs stray .
In change , there many cats well misleading that &quot; holes to their will &quot; of way tremendous .
The night you them gone even on the ceilings of the cars .
To the them crazy the places and not reject the rules .
The for of a car , on of the mark , cost of 37 $ ( ) to 188 $ ( audi a6 , volvo s80 ) the day .
Also the sure , that its 15 $ the day .
And the for of a bicycle you nothing 15 the day .
The tickets to the museums cost a average of 30 .
Israel in
In 2012 they israel more of three million of tourists of all the world .
The majority of the from to go the country and rest were citizens of ee.uu. , russia , france , germany , italy , uk uk and ukraine .
The land promised , of january to october 2012 , was visited 118.8 billion tourists ukrainian , amount that credulity in a 51 % the same rate the year 2010 , before of the settlement the regime of visa the 9 of february of 2011 .
&quot; the large and powerful &quot; you will to moscow : immigrants savers for the
While members and defenders of the rights human is on the consequences that bring the law on the examination compulsory , already have appeared in the country con that in with certified &quot; counterfeit &quot;
Every year , 13 million of workers immigrants they to moscow , st petersburg and other cities of russia .
In their majority are citizens of countries of asia central : uzbekistan , tajikistan and turkmenistan .
Their only aim is earn money for help to their families that have been in home .
Since the 1 of december will in force a law , according the which every immigrant labour must to a examination for check their knowledge of the language russian .
Now , this rule is applies only for those that have the intention of work in the sector of provision of services , institutions of services community , services domestic and trade the will .
However , with the time , as promise in the service federal of immigration , the examinations will obligatory for all the immigrants .
Also , not will enough with holding the examination of the language , if not also the of history russian and the of foundations of the legislation .
The knowledge of the language must confirm even for receive and renew the permit of work .
Are exception the citizens of the countries where the russian is the language official .
Not will subject to this law the people that succeed obtain their certified of education and qualifications before of the dissolution of the union soviet in 1991 .
Usefulness , fatal and defence of the
The network of centres examiners will under the institute of language russian , the university of the friendship of the peoples , the university state of moscow , the university state of st petersburg and other institutions of education higher russian .
The immigrants will stand to the evidence in all the cities , now same in russia are open more of 160 centres of this kind .
The initiative on the introduction the examination was supported the members of the duma state and the service federal of immigration .
But the defenders of the rights , a before of that law by in force , succeed many sometimes to this question to the press : and what will this in reality ?
What changes bring the mandatory the knowledge of the language , therefore for the russians as for the own immigrants ?
In first place , they the representatives the service of immigration , this will reduce the number of people that suffer &quot; slavery labour &quot; .
Very people about today on the defence of the rights of the immigrants labour , it emmanuele , head of the representation the service federal of immigration of russia in tajikistan .
The defence of their rights must shot before of their starting .
Only a system of selection organised will resolve the problem of the workers immigrants in a 90 % of the cases .
The problems the have the immigrants profession , education , the not know the language not spend the control doctor .
The understanding of the language , says , the future immigrant be condemned to find people unscrupulous that , with the pretext of help , you please a &quot; paid &quot; to a caging and close , where he and dozens of other as he consume for months food not documents , working of 12 to 14 hours the day .
We a explanations of complaints of our immigrants .
&quot; in their homeland them promise a thing , but the to are unaware , them deprived of their passports , not them paid the wages finns &quot; , confirms the head of the direction of immigration labour the service of immigration of tajikistan , sharipov .
! not annoyed ,
However , while therefore many citizens of the republics of asia central that want work in russia recognise that not only not know the language the country the to go , but that also in their language own write with difficulty .
Of , this not is both their fault but their own unfortunately : are few the uyghurs , , that they be the luxury of receive education primary normal .
This must to that their families even not have nothing that to of feed to the children , not about already of , and what necessary for the school .
The to to the adolescence , these boys safeguarded to work to the first opportunity .
Is difficult , if not know the language , recognise them .
&quot; one feel ayr and than &quot; .
However , in what that as to the law on the language , the defenders of the rights guarding a point important .
The examinations will to out only for those immigrants whose status be legal .
If not have that status , not will not examination and , in result , no work official .
While therefore , the majority of the workers immigrants are living in russia illegally .
&quot; welcome or ban the step to strangers &quot;
Many visitors claim that receive the status official in our country not is so easy .
The cause is in the obstacles bureaucratic and in the difficulties of the language in .
Also , the legalisation costs money : of twelve billion to sixteen billion .
However , a for false can to quickly and only billion over .
The employees of the police russian know that generally have documents counterfeit , not we entered and officer the cases of extortion .
&quot; we they hundred or at for cigarette or teaspoons &quot; , a to the journalists the citizen of tajikistan , .
&quot; we , not do , buying a paint &quot;
The first day of the entry in force of the law on the language , it of clear that not only the documents of registration of immigrants can be counterfeit .
Several certified &quot; counterfeit &quot; of knowledge of the language already have been fake officials the service federal of immigration .
The documents counterfeit had been printed in standard of colour .
Of , came to the hands of the new owners not as gift : every immigrant , make the task of to the evidence , paid the document seven billion .
This is two sometimes and a more expensive that procedure official of examination , that cost the worker immigrant three billion .
The main task for a future next is protect the system against the corruption for that &quot; qualifications &quot; not they buy , admission the officials the government and the defenders of the rights .
To the time , the authorities can promised to the workers immigrants that not would been to with success the examination the first time more time for to the course basic of the language .
Also , to the immigrants that not speak russian them grants jobs that not require communication active with the people .
The ministry the internal not the measures down against the trade illegal of
The percentage of crimes committed with weapons registered is quite
The ministry the internal proposes apply the law with greater rigid in relationship to the owners of weapons of use civil .
This is the reaction the government to the recent incidents : fired for festivities of weddings in the fortunately not there victims , and the massacre generated the lawyer disbanded dimitri , in the seven people lost the life .
The police to ban the use and the possession of weapons inhuman in places public and raise the age minimum for the obtaining of licence for weapons , of 18 years to 21 years .
This idea was supported the summoned the committee of the duma in on of security and fight against the corruption , irina , who promised that reforms in the law on the possession weapons will as to the duma the state in a future next .
Not all feel pleased with the fact of that authorities russian are trying of to this problem one the &quot; policy of hand hard &quot; .
In the network has appeared a letter open , whose authors , representatives of various organisations social of competitions , are that bear of such measures of &quot; strictness sense &quot; .
The percentage of acts of tolerance with use of weapons registered is minimum , a service of news bbc of russia , the lawyer .
According statistics the ministry the internal , for six months the year 2012 were 142 crimes with use of weapons of ceasefire registered in organs the internal , with the total of 1168 crimes registered for this same period .
The authors of the letter open are insurance of a legislation more strict in the sector of weapons of use civil not will a these for that criminal contribute the market black .
Now , according their words , in moscow can find any weapon to under price .
While therefore , in the ministry the internal says that situation of the proliferation of weapons illegal is under control .
Suppliers : since factories to
The market black of weapons relies to through of several channels .
The channels main are years , says the colonel withdrawn emmanuele , who for ten years worked in the ministry of education and in the high state greater .
Caught of screen the website website that on orders of
The first , &quot; foothold the faction or military &quot; , is say , the weapons that were flown for the actions military in the caucasus .
&quot; the weapons were the official russians and the ourselves &quot; , says .
The next kind of &quot; weapon black &quot; , the flown criminals and representatives of the forces of security .
It that here include the weapons of the stores of the police and those stolen directly officials of the organs of get of the law .
The weapons illegal are to the sale since the arsenals military .
In many arsenals military to often had explosions .
&quot; there versions seeks of that some fires were damages for cover the lack &quot; , observing a .
According , the manufacturers of weapons also are their part of bit .
&quot; now have proliferating factories private of weapons that not are competitive in the market international and medication weapons under be the market black , including the of moscow &quot; , says the expert .
A source more the market black is the smuggling .
Great amount of and and machine from of countries poor as kyrgyzstan .
&quot; there have with their own production , to sometimes notions , and has have a mafia that has organised the flow of weapons &quot; , it the former military .
Of where come the weapons ?
The experts have calculated what is the participation shorter of every a of these sources of supply of weapons illegal the market black .
A report on this issue was produced in 2011 the centre of analysis of problems and planning of the management public .
The specialists study reports the ministry the internal and of , and data of access public of virtual whose implore this in about to the weapons .
The great majority of the weapons illegal , according the researchers , from of the forces armed and of the forces of security .
The half of the weapons the market black has come there &quot; fault of officials whose work is related with the weapons &quot; , says in the report .
According the researchers , the 17 % of the weapons from of places where there conflicts armed , the 14 % of the cases condemn for the production of weapons and the 5 % is to the &quot; archaeological illegal &quot; .
The dependent of a of the shops of weapons , that asked that their name not it mentioned , says that weapons we illegal not the buying nobody since ago already a time because are too this .
More to often , says , the suppliers encounter to stores military when need a starting .
To through of some , the supplier buying a unit , example a at tt .
The ones the registration and the spend above of the fence .
&quot; this has the weapon to the city and the sells to 900 eur unity with two chargers &quot; , we
&quot; but , clear , the police this therefore of all the affairs , so that regular , when there that to the plan of discovery of crimes , out purchases of test to the their of weapons illegal &quot; , adds the dependent .
&quot; as in a of luxury &quot;
The must and the one usually is to through of known .
&quot; visited pages website and virtual to a kind that i proposed that outside to the platform &quot; &quot; , where would a man that i would to a &quot; &quot; where we negotiate .
The price the weapon , i chairman only there &quot; .
Military viktor
&quot; for to a weapon need a friend that have contacts &quot; , says the dependent of the shop . &quot; have a friend so , but not i a in he &quot; .
In the markets there sellers , but there also has that to , say &quot; of part the sr. , that asked that you i that you had fallen a tooth to their daughter &quot; .
Even can to a couple of of steel to through of a person of confidence .
He also i the except only to me because know that not to i to .
The job for weapons of different ways .
The former military viktor it to test in the role of one of weapons illegal to in of the years 1990 , when were to publish a article on this issue .
The odd , according their words , not have changed .
You airliner a georgian of photos where not had &quot; of all &quot; .
&quot; i felt as in a of luxury &quot; , reminds the military .
The one , according words of , not you offered a : all what that there can prove .
I , as client potential , not only country ; we with the must the forest , where our a white .
&quot; i are the opportunity of him and when i i of that weapon definitely well , we to negotiate &quot; , describes the procedure the expert .
Shop of
The engines of for website nowhere to websites and groups of &quot; &quot; , where offers buy weapons &quot; for different your &quot; .
For this not required no document not events personal .
&quot; is enough have a certain amount of money &quot; , write in the explain advertising &quot; buy a at or a machine &quot; .
There the users do their orders and are questions .
And sold to age of age ?
&quot; permission , of &quot; , question the user &quot; &quot; ( those preserved ) .
&quot; country at tt . moscow &quot; , some their question &quot; &quot; .
The service federal of security has created a huge network of websites website fake and caught to two hands to those that want buy weapons of ceasefire .
And the people is , as eaten hungry towards the transported , and then , to from coal in
Military and viktor
I heard about of these systems : what general , the website website is reported outside the reach of the laws russian .
The people ago the orders .
The one for the payment to through of a cash cash .
&quot; in answer , you send a photograph and the instructions for that will where is hidden the weapon &quot; , tracing the secretary of press of the ngos &quot; the right to the weapons &quot; , at .
Viktor says that if ago a asked in line , one is weapon and what mouths in the prison .
The service federal of security has created a huge network of websites website fake and caught to two hands to those that want buy weapons of ceasefire .
&quot; and the people is , as eaten hungry towards the transported , and then , to from coal in siberia &quot; , says he .
100
In the buying of weapons of ceasefire illegal , according the experts , one can spend of 100 to 900 dollars .
According at of the ngos &quot; the right to the weapons &quot; , a at can acquire 100-300 dollars .
Must wait a month and a .
Is sent since the stores military the heads of they a .
Of agreement with the statistics official the ministry , in compared with the period enero-octubre of 2011 , the number total of these crimes in russia reduced in a 7 % , what that is 22.900 , and the number of cases at of theft and extortion of weapons , weapons , explosives and geographical explosives shrank in a 7.8 % .
Are in strike the employees of restaurants of food fast and supermarket in ee.uu.
To a quarter part of adolescents americans are their first jobs as cash in &quot; mcdonald &apos; at &quot;
In the last days , in the states united has on a wave of protests against the netherlands wages that paid in the supermarkets of the icann and in restaurants of the popular chains of food fast , such as &quot; mcdonald &apos; at &quot; , &quot; burger king &quot; , &quot; &quot; , &quot; &apos; at &quot; and &quot; &quot; .
Now no if to count if will or not this wave to the nine points , or if has for lose forces and in their first stages .
The actions of protest have with the support of the unions and of a series of ngos of left .
Also the increase of the modest wages contemplate the workers of and the system of food fast , the aim of the organizers of the protests is the creation of unions of workers in these companies .
Now , this sector of the economy almost not has been occupied the movement trade .
Forty and six cents the year ?
The actions started the week last , after the day of action of thank , the called &quot; friday black &quot; . that day , in states united the orgy of cheap that if to million of inhabitants , and that to sometimes was accompanied of clashes .
That day , some workers of the icann , that employs to 2.2 million of people in the world , abandoned their jobs of work and guards of protest with to the unions and activists of left in the shops of the icann , whose products encounter to people of income modest and moderates .
Sells of all , since , rifles of hunting and batteries for cars , to , eggs and milk .
The products in their shops are of average between a 8 % and a 27 % more cheaper that of the supermarkets more large .
Is that many workers paid of buy only in the work .
The availability and the had of products have fact of a of the corporations more large of america .
According the words two critical , can afford the luxury of sell products to very under price , in part because paid little to their workers .
These last also complain of the poor conditions labour , such as the lack of or naked of hand .
That &quot; friday black &quot; the participants of the demonstration ruinous the increase of wages and complained of that cost the sure of health provided the icann happened of 30 to 100 dollars month .
For a worker typical of , a 9.5 dollars time , this expenditure is excessive , said .
Scientists of the university of california in argue that if is the wage a to 12 $ time , this you cost to the icann 3.2 billion of dollars .
This is approximately a 1.1 % more of what that spent in wages now .
If put the increase wage in the shoulders of the consumers , every visit to the shop them will only 46 cents more expensive .
In a year them will the ridiculous amount of 12.39 dollars more of what that on now .
The supporters of word satisfied that protest had place so only in nine states and that not was no loss to the icann .
The &quot; friday black &quot; prolonged in their shops since the 8 of the later the thursday to the midnight the day next and , for that time , miscalculations around of 5000 articles second .
In total , their boxes sterling held the &quot; friday black &quot; almost 100 million of transactions .
The representative of the company , are , declared in a interview the website website of left ex , that was their since of work &quot; least of five &quot; employees of and that protest not had been more that &quot; another trick of relations public &quot; , organised the seconded of workers .
&quot; ! box free ! &quot;
The protests continued this week in new york , in the objectives not were precisely the large stores ( that in this progressive city not them have hold , and that now not there none ) , but the &quot; mcdonald &apos; at &quot; and other restaurants cheaper .
! mcdonald &apos; at says that sold thousands of million of pieces , and then not even you volvo the low disease and not you paid your work honest
Williams , member the council municipal of new
Currently , of agreement with the law federal and the of new york , the wage minimum is of 7.25 $ time .
The restaurants of food fast what will increasing with the time , but only slightly , and of average , the workers ordinary receive in new york 8.90 dollars time .
Nobody earns least that them in this city .
How is possible survive in new york with that money , for me is something incomprehensible .
There a time when almost the quarter part of the adolescents americans experience the mcdonald &apos; at and worked there , behind of the desks , to time over after of the school , although still living with their parents .
Few were the his this as the main source of income or stay there a time .
Now , constantly in some interviews with workers of mcdonald &apos; at that complain of that have that live of this wage , and to sometimes even which to their children .
Another on , in a forum of the magazine wall the street there a comment whose author out that is irresponsible have children if not know with what them of feed .
The participants in the protests , that started to the 6 : 30 of the morning the thursday in the mcdonald &apos; at of the 40th the and , ruinous that to the cash and broth of food fast them start to pay what least 15 $ time , or be , that them double their wage minimum current .
Also ruinous that in the sector of the food fast believe unions of workers .
The law of the ee.uu. prohibits to the administration restrict this right and punish to the activists the movement trade with tricks and redundancies .
Other part , rarely time the administration they facilitates the life .
But , reasons objective , is easy that unions the sector of food .
A of the main is the excessive rotating the personal .

Protests had place that same day in other restaurants cheaper of manhattan .
The culmination of the action had place to half the rally in the mcdonald &apos; at it close of times square , in the took several political democrats local , in particular the member the council municipal of the city williams , that said : &quot; mcdonald &apos; at says that is sold thousands of million of pieces , and then not even you a hospital not you paid your work honest &quot; .
The demonstrators received the support of other leading democrats of new york , example the candidate to mayor of the city garage of , that said that &quot; we support to the workers the sector of food fast for that forgetting receive wages fair and the prosperity economic that deserves every &quot; .
As what described the newspaper chosen york times , this has been the greater demonstration of this kind in the history american of the food fast .
But in she took only a few hundreds of people , even not all them were employees the service of food fast , in the tens of thousands of people of new york .
Still not is clear if this will of lit for to a movement mass .
&quot; now , is the brain not is so easy &quot;
The issue of the reality increase , so popular between the sports to the technologies modern , recently is with as mainly to through the prism of glasses special .
To beginning the summer , in their conference annual google proved a model in movement and subsequently , in november , it that microsoft had tabled also a request for ombudsman the attached patent .
However , of a conversation with the head the group of technology interactive 3d in the laboratory of microsoft of cambridge , , that for the scientists of this company , the glasses already been to a stage last .
To them them attracts the perspective of the manipulation of items lot in the air with the hands naked and the creation of areas lot open .
- favour , in terms general , what is the subject of study of their group of research ?
- we we to the interaction persona-ordenador , but also we of further the limits of this interaction .
Now the humanity in their great mass has been trapped in the stage of work with the of the screen flat , to sometimes the it with the finger .
But us we look 5-10 years forward and speakers the changes winds in this interaction .
Example , the video and the sensors represent a step forward and today in day no sold , already that to all them interested the control gestures .
- what more we be the future ?
- to despite of that has taken the interaction the level physical , great part of this still happens in a screen flat , to sometimes in 3d .
The introduction of information has just ( the system a more data ) , and the exit still not is very good .
We trying of change this , we in systems of nigh truly , based in different technologies , including the of design .
Must release the world of the is the our , the physical , do more tangible .
For this , however , is necessary recognise not only the user , but also the space that what are .
Then we complete the world real with items lot of a way more comfortable .
In first place , ! the pan with these thinks helmets of reality virtual
- what think you on the control voice ?
A detail very popular , but not believes that what ?
- clear that not you can be a panacea , is outstanding of resolve the question of privacy , already that not always to that others through of our actions and intentions .
Of fact , all the types of interaction with colleges are good , but every one in their own field .
Example , for the control of equipment in places public , we a project in the we in the gestures , but not in movements loose , but more short .
Also , the gestures were every not the house the has , but a is that risen the movement of the bones and the muscle .
Now is very largest , but in theory can be reduced the size of a clock of is .
But , in general , the future is for a kind combined of control , example of gesture r voice .
- how is that ?
- example , how i would you that you ask this ha of ?
You shall and the bring the same time .
- normally i only i .
- oh , that is to be very difficult of recognise .
- or be , you to force to the users to adapt to what that can or not can to in this time the machine ?
- not necessarily , but is a rapprochement mutual .
I that in a future next we to have that work mainly in the design of new types of sensors that they determine with precision the reactions of the person .
These can be , example , sensors infrared , already that provide a good resolution in depth , what that is very important .
- if we of their work with the sensors of , what complaints has you of the chambers modern ?
Them lack resolution , depth or something more ?
- in principle , the generation current is what that can be the start of our work with the recognition .
Of , would good obtain 8 to the at of 1000 .
But the question not is in the , but in the quality of the parent and in the depth .
Since this last point of view , all the technologies current not are what enough good for us ; this more work to the designers of .
Or be , that we that remember not only the resolution in the central x and and , but also in z.
Also is important the at , the number of tables second .
The movements human are quite dynamic and the current of 30 are truly scarce , on all for the gestures .
, of our laboratory in , was a rises of contact with spectrum of prosecution of 1 to 100 and is mention that modern sensors produced in series are more close the second value ( 60-100 ) .
Not all the world understand in what measure this affects to the interaction hombre-máquina .
To me i would very useful for my work a equivalent of such has , but that not take contact for that tables second are more .
- and not is necessary increase the number of chambers ?
- the has now three &quot; chambers &quot; , a of the which is of fact the of rays infrared and the second the recipient of the signal has .
But the third house is in reality a simple rises the visible .
This not used for determine the depth the .
Potentially , more amount of chambers could resolve the problem ...
Or the contrary , increased and fundamental the amount required of are .
Would good create a prove flexible of , playing with the curvature of location of the chambers and see how this help to the position .
- what that i remember , microsoft , to difference of google , not has tabled their glasses the public .
Not you seems that , since the point of view the use on of technologies of reality increase , the glasses are a of the platforms more we ?
- course , to all the pink quo in high a telephone intelligent in the hands , not is very comfortable , but i think : the better option would a reality increase &quot; &quot; when , in basis of a platform of cloud , you could to of the glasses the telephone intelligent ,
The glasses are equipment very personal , in that is their force ( the things private only you will see ) , but also their weakness : a reality increase based in glasses not you will work on items lot with with other people .
- imagine a time that manipulation of items lot in the air is available not only for tony of the film &quot; open &quot; , but also for any simple deadly .
There a problem in this idea that critical usually out : ! not there answer
! the hands not feel nothing
What answers for their group for this challenge ?
- in my conferences to often say that reality increase is the seventh just in the interaction between the man and the machine .
I that eighth well could be the addition of sensations .
While therefore , one of the noticed more interesting is the use of the second hand in quality of aid for the image .
! with the you perfectly
But there also technologies that are truly win to to to these &quot; images in the air &quot; . example , the interference of several rays targeted to a point specific where is the finger that similar to the one feel if someone as in the of the it , but that still is very weak .
There also for the jailer that on in the of the it , this also a direction promising .
- has treaty of is the which ?
To think that he feel what that seems that should feel in the time in that is something ?
- that is a good idea , still not what we tried .
Here behind another challenge with the we that fight for a time , how to a person physically within in a space very small creates that is to a space open , almost end . we working also in the idea of the we of to ( not as the of the gyms ) , platforms mobile , so as the of the much giants .
Now , is the brain not is so easy , still there that work for many years .
That is what that ago attractive the work with the reality virtual for the researchers , that many things are in a state of total view .
Will personal focuses in place of culture - rosbalt.ru
&quot; &quot; continues the project &quot; of st petersburg &quot; , into to the citizens that are front , to the forefront the art and of the culture .
In this list of the best are it figures the art and the scene of st petersburg , whose achievements they more beyond of the city : to often are recognition in europe that russia the man even .
The new hero of &quot; &quot; is the artist miller .
Whole the city known to miller , a man clothing of red of down from , the can find close the museum russian , close the garden of summer or in meetings of fashionable and .
The tables of miller always by to meant , where wants that desks .
Miller is one of these purely of st petersburg , are of new .
Miller is a brilliant representative the of st petersburg of end of the 80 - principles of the 90 .
Also , is a man urban , whose emergence in the streets of the city meeting in the inhabitants grins and comments to all the state of mind .
Recently , took in their hands a and became in the of st petersburg , already that has grown for to so difficult role , their existence bohemia , their philosophy and their image .
- , what you the city clothing of red and not of yellow or , example ?
- the colour red because am leather of fashionable and i am to the about and to the image .
In this world , the colour red is a compromise between the artist , the are of images and the society .
Although in the society , all what that not be a little grey for aggressiveness and extremely of properties nothing good .
But my simplified are in to that significant a conversation .
Whole the history of my actions iran’s are a invitation the debate .
- when that be artist ?
- in a statement the palacio of culture , where paraded my jobs .
I realised account of that was my way .
Then the wave of old artists not official had over , and the new , free as i , were still .
I i friend of artists of the new wave , with the subsequent to the from in gaza and , that was to &quot; pushkinskaya-10 &quot; , and already over the new wave .
I in the theatre the clothes , the music of all the up , but not the you .
- and all this in your clinic of art ... - for me was important certainly in the centre cultural of st petersburg , where be together the best minds creative .
In 1995 , previously a territory in pushkinskaya-10 and there , while not had reforms , broad a club artistic musical , a club resort , the home of the bohemia of st petersburg .
Many born there : , about , remember the way in that brought the project to &quot; the eartag of will bold &quot; .
And their friends songs small under available , trousers meagre , between them was the currently composer of fashionable angelika .
When the group started to play in live , became in &quot; &quot; .
Was of many programmes before of the times of hali-galivskih .
Them we to and was the start of their great career ; the education basic and training the received of us .
Gallery &quot; d 137 &quot; , the &quot; club , are the remains of the clinic the art .
There would our employees and customers travelled .
Am a hero the century last , when the culture mean something .
In the year 2000 , the survey was in the press , the prize was &quot; the people of our city &quot; .
In the nomination &quot; artist the year &quot; i elected i , so end my culmination .
In these new times not is comfortable work ; i am a man the you like the truth , the honesty and the culture the century last .
In our times is easy done popular , but the culture and the popularity will separate . one can be popular but very little seems .
- there in your jobs something recognisable .
- many of my paints are , in them this clearly the today and the commonplace .
I to to a statement agenda , &quot; the museum russian in buffoons &quot; .
The buffoons are a category timeless .
I before was her , but now be so is painful and other .
But in the buffoons all and the tragedy would .
I love what grotesque , have ideas grotesque .
Example , the saved the world by a change totalitarian and compulsory of clothes .
Now to one what are the clothes , greener in what external , but not in the internal of the person .
And , such time to that person not you should not to the hand , but in the face .
And the deception will when changes of clothes .
- ago little you we in the role of urban . - a city cultured must have a hero so .
! who better that i for become
- well but , to what better the art trade can be broth ?
- now the art trade must be careful , fresh , have you .
We being witnessing of the disintegration of the cultures .
Before the people in some , the wanted a thing , the other .
Now all have divided in , is difficult please to all .
Not am a ticket of hundred dollars for like to all .
Now there that think to who your favoured .
Now , every hero of seems has their 100 fan .
- ! and for listen to they thousands
- will to it the neglected , there works the sphere sexo-social .
And to a event cultural will 300 people , 10 billion never come . as result , least management , least money , all .
Have to my fan , what more important is not deceive , not to to lose what that olivier achieved .
When was young was such tables a your in the wall the on of steel and .
I i with paints , with the what general the people stops .
Now to often who the concepts .
Say culture spiritual , culture of consumption .
Not there no culture in the consumption , that is other history .
I am a man of the culture of yesterday , up under the example of artists that living in the poverty and died in the poverty , obstruct the money only for paint tables .
I am to favour of this culture .
- , what is what that you lack to st petersburg ?
- good experts in culture .
There a concept : official of the culture .
But not all them can their to the culture .
When the on were the right all was of other way , the on such time not seaports very well the culture , but they that was necessary keep to the experts right .
In moscow now there very good consultants .
We people in st petersburg that well could be experts , but are closed , because need experts to a level higher that nevertheless that to they and them open way .
Now is the will personal focuses .
What same , but the difference is that them say honestly that not all the art modern is accepted , there some artists that have that to other museums .
- what is for you st petersburg ?
- st petersburg not is a capital cultural . in moscow there very more culture , there there ground .
But on our stones is difficult that art grow .
Need ground cultural and we now more writers that readers , this is .
In europe there a lot of people with curious that is to exhibitions and concerts .
In our case , this class is tiny .
We that to that art is of fashionable , as what was to at the century last .
The project nabucco with a subsidy of st petersburg .
To to light in the
The land is in danger .
Warming global or clash with a asteroid murderer .
Poorly of vessels space with human to board proceed in for of a planet of spare .
For keep the humanity ago the question main : how continue the kind in conditions of cannot or in the same planet of spare ?
I that there little where choose .
Of fact , only two are real planets that can be colonial , the least .
&quot; these are venus and mars &quot; , says the scientists head the institute astronomic state , p.k. ( ) , vladimir .
But if the conditions in mars are best for the life , in the surface of venus the temperature is of 500 degrees .
Only can live to large aeroplanes or in the about of venus ... in the space .
Started to address the problems of reproduction in the space with the flora .
Ago already a century that were to out experiments with plants .
Four generations of peas played in about not differed in nothing of the varieties outlaw .
After wine the rearing of insects in the about , small crack of the fruit , the .
In 1979 submitted the space eggs of spring for check how develops the embryo in conditions of cannot .
Helps as result a normal .
But then start the problems .
&quot; the problem is in that has that find support , must in on their own feet and start to ! &quot; , it vladimir , the director the laboratory the institute of problems ( ) of the academy of sciences of russia .
The not find support , the by the gambling .
And after of 10 hours in the would babies was a total of the prompts .
The not ecu to the light not the audio .
And the unfortunately was that out of four days simply died .
&quot; and two sometimes we that born the , but then what stop because was impossible work there with them &quot; , , observing vladimir on failure the experiment with the in the space .
The last time a &quot; &quot; biological did to the about was ago 16 years .
In the spring the 2013 foreseeable the experiments .
But , in the &quot; &quot; only travel species of a same sex .
There a experiment with efsa , that were settlement the space already with foetuses .
In principle , not found nothing .
&quot; this was precisely in the , but this was a experiment only , and studies as this must be to out &quot; , observing vladimir .
After the landing , the efsa space had offspring .
However , still not has managed address the problem of the reproduction directly in the space .
Is a challenge difficult .
The animals , the lose their habitat her , simply not can to their your sexual .
The man , however , to difference of the small animals , in principle , can .
The has the reasoning abstract and is capable of create a fund emotional appropriate .
Experiments similar not have to out reasons ethical .
But the women travel the space since ago already 50 years .
The greater risk what happened .
And what more precious that has the humanity is the agency female .
Our flying , and nobody in the land could say : if is after of a flight the space .
Will or not have a baby after of this flight .
&quot; after of all , to this question nobody has would &quot; , observing the contractor the sector aerospace .
In june of 1964 , only after of a year the flight the space , the first woman , , was to light to a daughter .
The father of the girl , , was also .
In 1988 , the second woman , svetlana , who two sometimes was in about and even worked in the space open , had a son .
But , the risk still .
We few , are wall the astronauts to who after of long flights all them has result well , and a generation healthy next growing .
&quot; and if can say more , is dangerous even in flights &quot; , sums the pilot , hero of the union soviet , hero of russia , .
However , the humanity must to some new to in the biotechnology , in the protection radiation , in the creation of the serious artificial .
The centre of preparation of is a stage compulsory in the preparation for the flight .
In conditions of would , the profess their skills of work in the space .
The water the cannot .
If for a adult the water is a environment comfortable , although still hostile , for a child would born is their element home .
The small hombres-anfibio seem confirm that life in the land about the ocean .
There a connection between the fact of that baby even approximately 9 months within of their mother in the tanks , therefore you will more easy used then the water .
In principle , this is logical , because since the time the birth to the time the first one spend only 2 weeks .
&quot; this is very little for forget something &quot; , says marina , of swimming of would babies .
In short , if the cannot is a state more natural for a would born , for the women is necessary the force of the serious .
In the cannot the muscle internal and of the very quickly , the capacity of expulsion the experiments reduces .
Good , that , by in the action of encouraging for the childbirth .
Can , of , give to light in a house special , this what .
&quot; and then what ? &quot; , ago this original question .
Other part , the child also needs how artificial .
The of serious , the agency not generated the skeleton not the system lymphoid .
To a would born in about is impossible with a suit special for , as to the adults .
Simply you time of what that is vital for he .
&quot; and this experiment that we to to together , the allow the birth of a child in a environment strange , will place to that bring to the land to a disabled , to a person completely suit &quot; , for the head the committee of bioethics the institute of problems of the academy of sciences of russia , angelika .
Now , the birth of children in the space is a question theoretical .
However , with the time this will a reality , when the beings human in their vessels conventions to a planet ago that will the home for their children babies in the space .
Head of : the inspection the system &quot; &quot; not has given with the political
In on of tenders public , the republic czech account with good inspectors and a legislation of quality , although their implementation .
So what says ransdorf , of of the office of control by ( ) in a interview for aktuálně.cz.
&quot; the law never will perfect &quot; , but their implementation must be right . &quot; this is , in my opinion , what that we lack &quot; , so describes the situation current .
The controls joint of the inspectors czech and germans also they to conclusions similar .
As example of a practice wrong , mentions the attitude of towards the system of be be only on the role , that known as the system &quot; &quot; .
The first minister said recently that ods ( party democratic civic ) not to the employers with inspectors . then , is ban or allowed ?
&quot; the law must be suppressed of some way and if prohibits something , in that case , not the president the government can prevent the action of the office that has the duty of to these controls not demand obligations &quot; , complaints .
In the meeting of the commission of control in the congress of the members , ud. spoke the project common between the team czech and the german , in the framework the which karadzic the legislation which to the tenders public in both countries .
What is exactly ?
Is of a control parallel that we to to ago a two years .
Said of way simplified : the legislation european how must organise the tenders public , to this you still the legislation existing in every country and , after , the these in .
Us what we uk all and , although the control still not has complete , we successful differences very interesting . generally , the legislation of our country is &quot; more strict and more full &quot; , however , the these concrete in some parameters is better in germany .
Confirms , because , that not enough with integrate rules every time more stricter , but that is necessary on in the application of the law same .
What can to of fact this project ? what believes that are the conclusions ?
Precisely a control common of this kind could make to that age of invest efforts in the of the laws , the reduction and the improvement of the limits , although this not have a impact so positive .
The economy the savings means to a thing appropriate to a price reasonable ( what that not always means that price be the more under ) for avoid so the enrichment and , to the long , the actions criminal .
But not the fact of reduce the limit of the tenders to say that we to this .
Perhaps because the system is saturation with therefore &quot; tape &quot; , that those that want to failures in the system will do more easily that if the limits maintained so higher as now .
Ud. about of the problems of our country with the transfer of the legislation that regulates the of the tenders public .
How works the system of controls in germany ?
Is a office analogous to our or t of other way ?
In how to the offices , as the , there it the ( court federal of accounts ) , with a organisation similar to the our , with a school also , what only is that in their case is structured of a way a therefore different , but in principle both offices evolve parallel .
Also the powers are to true point , however , in therefore that germany has a organisation federal , the courts of accounts are even to this level . in this aspect from slightly of our system .
The court federal of accounts ( ) only can control the money federal , what that here call funds state .
The funds public , that are administered the regions and the municipalities , there , in germany , monitored in the court federal of accounts .
In as to the legislation local , is more simple that our ?
What general , not i like establish a compared data specific . not however , germany still being a model in some aspects , but not can must with what in what is better .
Could be better , example , in as to the quality of the inspectors ?
That sure that not , but , repeat , not i like to this kind of comparisons .
Is necessary say that even those countries that we as model must to with to a great number of problems .
If not outside so , not them contribute no benefit cooperate with our office , not believes ?
In as to the legislation of our country , what meant for their office the amendment of law on the tenders public ? to of some way their impact ?
Taking in account that period of validity of this amendment is relatively short , still not has said in the actions of control .
Given that time controls former ex , is be have with a true delay .
Now , is in the process of preparation of the controls future : we on a new tool of &quot; detection of risks not economic &quot; , the we fact to almost 14.000 tenders public , that have been considered . the changes will perfectly about here , already that modify the limits , hypocrite the conditions of some types the process of selection and similar .
As that adoption of this law is beneficial or that , more well , is a patchwork for the system bureaucratic ?
I that law is surely a step in the direction right and hope that so be .
The problem that can eventually is that regulation &quot; strengthened &quot; and that be impossible must .
Already with the regulation previous , the people controlled were linked the contractor ( example , in the case of the programmes operational regional the council regional ) , and every law not respected in on of tenders public mean the violation of the discipline budgetary .
Has sense then tighten the law of this way ?
I that not of this way .
The system must from to those that want or profit of he and not punish to those that commit a failure formal , that not has impact in the of decisions .
A system of this kind only will create a greater pressure bureaucratic .
And how its of this ?
Will towards where we has this way on .
The first minister has declared recently that ods not to the employers with controls the called system , with reference the fact of be be only on the role . what means this ?
The system &quot; is ban or allowed ?
The law must be suppressed of some way and , if prohibits something , then not even the first minister the government can prevent the action of the office that has the duty of to these controls and demand obligations .
Can say : &quot; the law and what allowing &quot; , but not can say that we as if nothing .
In the law on the tenders public , the regulation is quite strict in as the way in that must act formally . and so is as must be for protect the competition public .
But , another on , is tragic that be the candidate with the better supply not to the demands formal .
The law never will perfect , but their implementation must be right . this is , in my opinion , what that we lack .
The roads have rachinel of ice , although in their majority are
In several places of the republic czech the roads have rachinel of ice and of snow .
Although the majority of the to are passable , in some must likewise the caution .
Region of resort
Today the morning the roads in the region of resort resort were passable , but were rachinel of ice and of snow .
The temperature falling and abolition between five and ten degrees under zero . for the day current slightly the thermometers .
Has longer of in the region and in the areas in the layer of snow is thin .
In change , in the of the square statistic the snow high almost the 30 centimetres .
In some places the visibility was still bad to cause of the fog , according the information the centre of control of operations of the roads of the region .
The to fast r6 and the road of first category in the region are now passable restrictions .
However , should providing the caution , on all in some bridges whose surface can be and be slope .
Also , also are passable all the to of second and third category , including the roads of mountain .
Not however , in some of them still there stretches with remains of ice and snow .
Is be increase the attention in the road , on all in the areas more higher .
Region of and being
In some roads of bohemia eastern there danger of frost and in areas more higher and in the mountains can have have a layer of snow in the to , reports in their pages the direction of roads and motorways .
The workforce of roads notice to the drivers on the danger that train rachinel of ice , especially in areas more higher of the region of .
Can is frost in the took of , labem , , or , and on all in the roads of second and third category .
The roads i / 43 and i / 34 in have been treated cosmetic .
There snow especially in the roads of the mountains of to .
There a layer of snow in the areas more high of the roads in the municipalities of labem and .
In the area of the bohemia eastern , the sky will today between spending and partially , rainfall .
The temperatures what general between three under zero and a degree positive , a wind weak .
Region of
The roads in the region of are passable today the morning , although must likewise the caution and will necessary adapt the time .
In the first hours of the morning will frost , the temperatures between three and nine degrees under zero .
After of the gambling and the of declining of the temperatures , some to also could be covered of ice .
In some places the drivers you with fog , but the visibility will progressively .
This is what that from of the information the centre of control of operations of roads of the region .
The motorway d5 is almost restrictions , although should providing the caution , on all in the to between the for 80 and 131 .
The surface of the majority of the roads of first category is dry and ice .
In the area of the road of and border with germany can have stretches with rachinel of ice .
The to of second and third category are wetlands , what that , in this case , also on of stretches with rachinel of ice .
The drivers should be more careful , especially in the to least minimized in the area of .
Region of
The drivers that conventions to the areas more higher of the region of you with snow partially battled .
After the treatment chemical , still became snow in the port of and in the to in direction to .
The workforce of roads zeros the snow for the night ; in the road of causing a three centimetres of snow , according the administrators of the to .
In the rest of the region , the majority of to are passable restrictions .
&quot; in the areas more high of the road of , are remains of snow .
The drivers in the port of you with snow a battled in direction to &quot; , has confirmed today a one of the administration of roads of to the .
On the ground and of night did to the also their colleagues and , after the treatment chemical , the runs of the areas more high are now and wet .
In the road of the to are passable restrictions , in the of the drivers should drive with caution in the stretches forest , where the to are be wetlands .
Region of labem labem and region of
The operators of the roads the north of bohemia have informed on complications in different stretches to first time of the morning .
From of some places in the has snowed or sobering , according the basis of data of the police the road of mountain between and in the region of labem labem is closed .
The temperatures are under zero , even in the areas more in , what that ice and the snow obviously a in the simple . in change , in the areas more in , especially in the from the poisoned central czech , not there problems and the roads , what general , are dry .
The not have reported complications of service .
The operators of roads have your of the presence of ice in the but of .
According the conditions have been ideals for the night . for the day expected rain and snow that melting and the night the sky will spending and will ice .
Since the roads general have announced conditions unfavourable in the road i / 13 , in the border between the region of labem labem and keeping .
The road between and had that be off the bush of the trees that had on the to with the weight of the snow .
: in our concerts we consecutively energy
Says that in little less of a month is to to the end the world , what view on this ?
Only is a of between many other news alarmist to the we like ultimately .
The group of music the we like more well to jokes on this and we like say that we the only group of music the world that manages together enough energy positive for postpone the end the world or for prevent .
Also , in december a project really original : three concerts against the end the world .
Can explain to our readers ?
Is of a proven state that have organise since ago two years .
We we to take the potential of marketing that has the end the timetable wisely for the 21 of december to the 11 : 10 of the morning .
The day previous , the 20 of december to the 21 hours , international 3 concerts we in prague , about and .
Standardise approximately to the same time in the stops the timetable in the island , in the ocean pacific , 12 hours front of our area explainable .
To who you happened this idea ?
At was idea my , after were offer the project all together with our leather .
Also of to together enough energy positive and avoid the end the world , also we think , with with the society , on the state in that we the world to our children .
With occasion the end the timetable also we created a now only of articles : you , parcel , combined and original treated against the end the world that can year in www.e-tap.cz , other way of safely .
The group the , with with other interpreters , also sung the called anthem against the end the world , that has title &quot; end the world , cancelled &quot; .
Currently is very popular in youtube , will hear in the concerts live ?
Clear that , and will fair the last , good , always that all it well and not an world ...
The will all the interpreters the same time in the three concerts .
The decided between vet thank to the broadcasting special in direct in the television czech .
Has writing the lyrics of this song and belonging the role leading of jesus in the , where also singing x ...
How about this collaboration ?
We together even with other personalities of the scene cultural czech , from of organise many acts live and concerts ...
Our all our as in participate in this project .
Has shown that to the majority of they they interested and they learning work with us .
To what will the money youngsters in the concerts against the end the world ?
To equipment for the centre education barriers , that have to term in their sixth year running with the partnership civil in .
The of the school of receive regularly the visit of teachers with the out activities humorous and interesting .
The not have of media economic enough for pay to the teachers and we a for do possible .
In the framework of the completion of the works in , will a building independent the we with this project .
In every of act several groups and interpreters .
What are the criteria of selection ?
So up a programme that be attractive for all the generations , including the children .
Example , in prague , , with are , the , and jiří .
For obtain information more detailed , now put www.kpks.cz.
You measures any other &quot; action witnessed &quot; similar in the future ?
In may we first time in the festival , so that here surely preparing a programme attractive with invited interesting .
The year that next also we like play in the national hall of new york and to me , personally , as that we in states united , i like amplify with actions in washington and in chicago .
Plans in the abroad not are precisely , to now you action example in madrid , brussels , london or moscow .
The is , not however , a group have people with disabilities .
How is the logistical and the organisation of these travel ?
Not is so difficult how can appear to first view .
There five member in wheelchair of wheelchair we , the chairs must travel in the stationary for luggage and also have a weight , the boxes with the instruments ...
However , to now we the we managed well . and british major were perfectly prepared , thing that not is of puzzles .
Even in moscow , of where we their ago little , went all problems .
Thank to the through the abroad now for the different attitudes of the society towards the disabled and other aspects .
With what you you found to now ?
In madrid , luxembourg , london and other cities , all works better that here ; in russia we been witnessing of that , in the , is a way go .
To difference of prague , moscow is full of barriers , there still be often a person properly single the centre of the city in a wheelchair of wheelchair we .
Something so aware as is , example , to preference to someone in wheelchair of wheelchair in lift , there not what is .
Fate , has created a partnership civil that intensive the problems of the people with disabilities .
In what aspects we take example of countries more progressive ?
There many aspects in the we behind ...
But is important mention that as and the improvement of the situation always on of the people to the affects directly .
In london and in madrid is very normal that people with a disabilities serious properly their account in public and can go the service , the museum , where wants ...
But not is very common a great number of people with disabilities obtain in the life social of way active , in this aspect , with the ! we a little front
A society pursue or barriers is a thing , but when it the time in the establishment eminent athletes , artists , players , political or lawyers , start to change all of truth .
To now , are cases isolated of people that have a great force of will .
The group the is currently very popular , but if at a years back , what you was to be the group in 1998 ?
I as in , where had very people young to my around that wanted their to something .
And since that i am musician , if , between other , a group healthier with a about of work .
And with the time , as says our mediating , we was a little of the hands ( laughter ) .
However , the popularity not came to these last years , or i wrong ?
Is truth that we helped quite the fact of connecting with singers famous and also work actively for promote the group .
We to the conclusion of that work that not is , is as if not existed .
Thank to the aid of the union european , we to also teachers of quality , equipment , etc.
Belong intention of to so far with the ?
Since the principle i the potential that had , that can to something of another way .
The world the spectacle is full of things that seem the to the other .
Is logical , to their way , all what new welcomes with caution and it a time in accepted .
There few things extraordinary , but i dare to say that is a of them .
The impression of someone that we is first time is clearly the compassion , is a reaction natural ...
But the compassion is completely superfluous because the people with disabilities not are beings ruins that suffer and of the we have compassion .
There people that is capable of live a life full and develop , with the condition , course , of that he of the media necessary .
I always say that if something them its well to people with disabilities , then , not is only a progress for them , but for whole the society .
Helped the fact of that is ud. a head assignment , as you describes very people ?
If we to a work of quality , we that be rigorous in many aspects and demand certain discipline .
I that is completely normal .
Some people they with a vision romantic and with the head in the clouds and when hear that have that come two days to fraud , go to the test preparatory and to a time travelling and in concerts , the euphoria initial them or quickly .
But so is how works in all parties , in every group that to work and to something .
Currently the group the has twenty member .
Many of them were already in the beginning the year 1998 ?
Only one : .
We a group open , the people will and its , not can avoid .
Who have will and wish heart always the doors
Will the day before the expected end the world , the thursday 20.12.2012 to the 21
Will place in the bit of prague , in of about and in in and attending 12 groups and other musicians of the republic
The three cities connected the end of the evening to through of video for i together the song the group the &quot; end the world , cancelled &quot;
The aim the of is together the resources necessary for funding equipment activities the centre education barriers in of prague , whose cost out to 25 million of billion czech .
The entry the of costs 400 and the children to 12 years have entry free in the option of sale early in
Poland and the manage .
In the meeting of ministers of the countries of the agency space european held the week last accepted to poland as twelfth member of the . is the second country member of the former bloc of europe the , after of the republic czech , that became in member plenary the 12 of november of 2008 ) .
Poland set a intensive collaboration with the in the year 1994 and for the years subsequent part in the commission of projects of the agency .
However , the way of poland towards the manage began a before .
The enthusiasts poles already son to the flights the space before of the second war world , although not always about their work .
Remember , example , the conference of a. in the centre astronomic of warsaw in the 6 of december of 1933 , presented their ideas on the study pioneering &quot; introduction to the cosmonautics &quot; .
The ideas the young draughtsman ( born the 1905 ) was to the assistants indifferent and , years after , us that dr. jan had been the only that had shown interest in their work .
In the year 1934 successful in france the prize robert esnault-pelterie and sainjon louis as their &quot; introduction to the cosmonautics &quot; .
The doctor jan ( 1899 - 1966 ) , mentioned before , became more later in a great drive of the exploration and of the cosmonautics .
Published hundreds of articles in weeklies polish and wrote a series of books dedicated to this discipline scientific .
Became in a promoter of the cosmonautics , was known in all the world and their contribution to the science was rewarded when it their name to one of the of the face hidden of the order .
Already in the year 1925 was in poland that was to be sanctioning of a engine of rockets .
Unfortunately , unknown who was the author of the proposal and not know the project .
Not is clear if the had was to be used for the testing of the or for their slowed .
The information on this limited to the after in the press of the time .
To from the year 1933 the it polish began to their to the rockets .
The research was funded the in collaboration with the . and . .
To from the material retained , ago clear that research came the on of the evidence practices .
Not however , with the arrival of the troops german , was the research .
In the year 1937 about in the press specialised the injudicious of a missile of hunting designed the draughtsman and the year next was published the study &quot; - i &quot; , the author leliwa-krzywoblocki .
Both projects were for the use military of the engines for rockets .
Little before of the war , the committee advisory scientific provisional ( doradczo-naukowy ) responsible of all the projects of technical of rockets for use military and all the jobs .
The committee was founded in 1937 , but after of two years of activity , was interrupted the beginning of the war .
Other studies dedicated to the cosmonautics appeared in the press polish after of the war thank the work of the society polish of ( ) .
In the edition of november of 1954 of the magazine ago reference first time to the society with four articles very they dedicated to the .
In one of them , the . m. , proposed the creation of a society that devoted to the cosmonautics .
In that time already had since in projects of satellites artificial and was obvious that research cosmic was a discipline with prospects of future .
Since principles of 1956 the society polish of ( ) hoped to be part of the federation international of ( up in 1951 ) and in autumn of that same year the became in member plenary .
The year next the first president of the , ( 1902 - 1959 ) , happened to be the of of the federation international of .
Occupy this office to their death in 1959 .
To from the 1956 , the part of way significantly in the development the had probe ( ) , that was a success and became in the first had polish in the was to out research scientific .
The first kind rm-1 was complete in 1957 and launched first time the 10 of october of 1958 .
The had had a of of 1.800 metres , a 80 cm of length and not unable to the 5 kg of weight .
More later , end of build the version rm-1a and in summer of 1959 were the evidence airlines of the rockets rm-2 of two stages in the desert of .
The had severs 1.4 metres and a 11.5 kg.
Another kind of had in development was to be subject of study scientific real . the had rm-34 was to have a of of 14.5 km and their mission would control the wind of all .
But , in 1962 cancelled the work .
The successor of the first rockets the kind was the had meteor-1 , that was for the years 1962 and 1965 .
Union as had of two stages , with a length total of 510 cm and a weight initial of 32.5 kg.
Proceeded three types ( called meteor-1a , -1b and -1c ) , that differed between the space available for the equipment scientists .
In the had meteor-1a the space available for the volume was of 0.4 litres , in the meteor-1b of 0.34 litres and in the meteor-1c of 0.62 litres .
The of maximum in the three types was of 37 km.
Between the years 1965 and 1968 developed in the institute air the had meteor-2 , whose first evidence airlines were in october of 1970 .
The had meteor-2 had a weight initial of 380 kg and was capable of to a weight useful of 10 kg to 60 km of all .
Subsequently was the version meteor-2h and meteor-3 .
Is necessary mention also the entry of poland in the ( openly at switzerland roslin ) in the year 1960 and the training the committee national of two years after .
In the framework the programme , poland joined to the research the space on satellites artificial soviet and , in the year 1978 , the pilot polish became in the second after of vladimir remek .
The from of the law on jobs social not is the solution .
The week last the who constitutional suspended the law social .
The resolution adherents a heated discussion in the society .
Since then will interesting at the commission existing since a point of view more broader .
The systems economic liberals in the eu , as that in the world globalised , based in the principle of a greater competition economic and least regulation .
In result , this means that different forms economic and the systems economic national are in conflict permanent between .
The cause is in the principle the free trade and the movement free and unlimited of capital private , with with the speculation financial unbridled .
The effect of the large differences in the cost labour ( of the wages ) is tensions economic .
Under this concept is necessary understand the situation in the manufacturer , with the imports of goods cheap , is shorten travel and for this &quot; from a &quot; the price the competitor with the aim of done with the greater part the market and , of this way , increase their for of profits .
To great at means , for the majority of the employers , enterprises the production the abroad , buy there more cheap or well as . the result is a unemployment high in those countries in the price the work , in compared with other economies , is more high .
Because to that capital private not has responsibility social any and , with this , not is responsible the unemployment that phenomenon generated , overall necessarily the expenditure social the state .
Whole this situation being the total desirable of the employers pay tax and compensate the damage economic and social that have caused in their now of obtain profits .
The situation is universally so known that not is necessary it data statisticians specific .
The practices little exploit the capital private do situations , in certain economies , in the governments of these countries are forced to compete with the aim of reduce artificially the level social of the own population and , of this way , attract capital abroad the country .
Said of other way , the governments are capital private to available of their own population have in account the decline social .
This ago patent on all in the changes of the laws force .
The aim is force to the population to that accept the dictated the capital private , on all in what that as to the wages .
This has place , a part , by the system of duty economic in the case of unemployment of long an ; other , by the right restricted of the employees in as to rights labour .
The result is a poverty growing with with the increase of the differences between poor and rich .
Since ago a series of years , there in germany points of over of food for people poor that not can in with their own work .
The number of people that receive this kind of aid a already the million .
In the framework the increase of the competitiveness of the economy german , is a case quite often : people employed with a wage so under that state must pay the rest for to the minimum essential for survive .
Was public a scandal of this kind connected with the situation of the employees diagnoses the parliament federal german .
The measures of savings of virtually all the states the southern of the eu nowhere , place to doubt , to the same situation . the people , repeated a decline of their level social , are forced to must as in the century nineteenth or to with a wage rotten in the limit of the society , with the hope of that some day it the country capital investor private .
Is necessary of where next ?
In the case of that involved of other countries of the eu , then the poverty is of a country to another or not a never , since that chinese , indian , brazilian , turks , moroccan , egyptians or african are working a tiny part of a wage european .
This also affects to whole america latin .
The corporation liberals and the media of communication claim to the all that state not should to capital to the economy , that you the economy leads to their failure .
The capital private it with tooth and european the i of that state not should intervene in the economy in the control .
To continuation , is necessary ask if the capital private not play with their egoism in the policy and , therefore , in all the state .
In this case the answer is clearly terms .
The test is the existence of lobbies , in the practice very powerful and curse , in all the states .
The result is a situation some that to in the area of the corruption , in the favours mutual , in a legislation that is virtually reprehensible in all parties but not is a .
In germany the situation is the next : the ministries state , to lack of media financial , are the wording of projects of law to companies legal private , the which are to often linked with the industry .
This kind of projects of law are adopted after in the bundestag , the parliament german .
Of this way , all the power not from the people , such and as is in the constitutions of the democracies western , but of the strong groups financial that represent their own interests .
Is obvious that democracies with a it liberal are quickly in a situation how the describes in their labour the crisis of the republic roman in times of caesar and : &quot; the state was time and the administrations within to the force &quot; .
To change of bribery , favours and and aid for funding stones or functionaries .
The admissions and the corruption spread from one and the people on to the ballot with the vote of advance &quot; ... &quot; not had people with nature that to a since in the administration , so a time , to cause of this dear , the state was eight months consuls &quot; ... &quot; began to hears in seriously of that only no for a situation so serious was the autocracy and that was necessary decisions a man extremely &quot; ... although i in , caesar by the power and transformed the democracy for always in autocracy .
The conclusion , the same way that in the old , is that society current on in preference insensitive the benefit individual have in account the interests common .
The capital private not is capable , in their essence , of understand and ombudsman the profits of whole the society .
The result is the same that of then , a quickly of the elite unprecedented , that she a effort for them in depth .
The causes the on of the regimes fascist and communist must other , what therefore , in the liberalisation unbridled of the systems economic in the century nineteenth and which .
With respect to the situation current , is possible be the disappearance of these systems in benefit of a democracy of kind liberal , as a pause defined , to the expected the next coup .
The fact really is that elite current ignores completely the losses of hundreds of thousands in lives , disasters social and humanitarian of the we been witnessing , so as the crimes against the humanity , such and as the we in the history former and the more recent .
The from of the law on tenders public not is the solution ; the least not to long term .
Under pressure of the competition economic , therefore to level international as within of the eu , the government of the republic czech be forced to to for other to for reduce the level social of the population .
This trend is , what therefore , systemic .
The solution is reforms specific , that strengthen therefore the participation the capital the state as the influence of the citizens in the government and that weaken the position of monopoly the capital private in the society in benefit the state .
Israel : the laboratory the chaos .
&quot; that deforestation and could &quot; ( not from nothing of the violence and nothing could do ) , in their song and whose rapporteur he &quot; let &apos; at do not we subjects &quot; ( not we forget of what fragile that we ) .
&quot; if my children not is wars , not would no &quot; , wife of mayer rothschild , in their bed of death in the year 1849 .
After of the last waves of violence between israel and the strip of gaza , have that , as always , reactions various .
A , the on of israel , it to favour the right of is and to the palestinians in the role of terrorists . the other supports to the palestinians and referendums racism part the state of israel , genocide by against arab palestinians and accordingly to israel of state terrorist .
Not i to in who is guilty of the massacres that are regular and who is the victim . the end and the out , the citizens of today in day of israel , including the territories false , born within of the situation policy current and not lived the beginning of the violence .
My intention is offer to the readers a look behind the curtain , a look for be who out from of the tensions that prevails since ago 95 years ( calculated to from of the statement prejudice in november of 1917 ) in a small surface of land the east a .
Some of my considerations based in facts historical , other in conclusions to the i come on the basis of my own way of understand the issue , on who or what group of people is the drive main of the events of the history modern .
In the history of the humanity the history of the struggles the power is in first class .
In every time we find a great great or a rostopchine .
But what that already not is so clear is if always were these eventual the with their steps of way deliver or if behind of their seat had someone that their actions towards a particular aim .
We accept that we in a time that with the wealth the world in the hands of a few individuals and that to this concentration of money and the power that means , not has been to in a single generation .
Of between these families richest least that could be the more prominent ( if still there someone behind , not what know , but not what may ) : the rothschild .
Not says a to close of them .
Course .
In the years 90 the century nineteenth bought the first agency of news ( jazeera ) for that any of with their name with acts criminal of very serious . the power and the wealth , or both , them portions the back , thing that for them always meant a just .
Have financially important in almost all the banks central the world and in those countries in the not are represented , has declared or is about a war : before the attack to afghanistan were 7 countries , after the attack of iraq were 5 , after of bring to gaddafi only they four , but meantime russia has counts the bank central the government russian .
All at that has tried against to this family has died .
Abraham is refused to renew the state the bank central bank of america of the rothschild , began for the war of secession to print money and was murdered in 1865 in the theatre .
Fanciful started to print money and wanted decision the system of reserve federal ( states ) and was murdered in 1963 ; the congressman louis was poisoned the year 1936 after of to exceeding to the states have outrage the great crisis economic the year 1929 .
Their now the power world them was for the years 1859 - 1871 to out a plan with three wars world , designed the albert pike , françois with the degree 33 .
The first war espoused as aim eliminate the large states in whole europe ; the second wanted eliminate the was colonial , especially of great britain , and the third proposed reduce the population of the land between a million and billion million of people ( such amount of slave for their welfare and luxury would and not many resources ) , also of the creation of a religion universal ( the not is nothing more a draft for such solution ) and the adoption final of the powers resounding .
The method with the operates the group of the families more richest , with with the rothschild , still the dynamic the releasing of crisis and the of send of a solution ( the - order to from the chaos ) .
These solutions are , however , flawed , and threat always a worsening of the situation . if not , enough remember that states was created for that not repetition a crisis as the year 1907 .
So that , after the success the murder the as the seat austro-húngaro , which ferdinand , in sarajevo and after of that , to as of this , erupted the first war world , tore the russia having with the beginning of the revolution flank .
The first war world over of way unexpectedly and unjustified since the point of view military and economic , the capitulation of germany ( the wars for end with the russia having were already unnecessary ) and the of firstly of the great power of europe central , the empire austro-húngaro .
For preparation the ground of the second war world , allowed that bankers and political palette , of way bloodless , a situation over to as of the enormous – of war imposed on germany , with what that were the conditions privileged for the radicalisation of the there impoverished . subsequently , them sufficient with them to the germans the solution that was what enough strong and simple and that to guilty , and build after a czechoslovakia states several ukrainians with a strong minority german that should represent and was so well the role of the fifth spine , that seized the is and resulted the outbreak of the war .
The end the century nineteenth , the rothschild boosted the foundation the movement , that hoped to the training of a state jewish , out in the region of the former with jerusalem as capital ( return the ) .
The statement prejudice this before did the foundation for the immigration mass of jews to palestine and they the first conflicts with the population arab the place .
Produced attacks terrorists in both parties .
The second war world : is difficult know if hitler consigned too of the be to the what they control the bankers international in a principle or if all what that was was part of a plan . however , the suffering of the jews european in the camps of concentration was the conditions privileged for the acceptance the state jewish in the society world .
Israel was founded officially in 1948 and , of way similar the way in that – of war imposed to germany emerge the way towards the second war world , with the proclamation the state of israel was the spotlight for a third war .
If the bankers international succeed , the nation jewish , the as that in the second war world , would in victim in first line of combat , now with with the population arab or , generally , muslim the east a .
Israel is a laboratory in , a machine of solder and chaos , not only in the framework of their country , but also to at international . take as example how into of way totally the and opponents of israel .
Who is guilty and who is the victim in the conflict palestino-israelí ? where the injustice marginalization injustice in a spiral of violence chestnut , if the beginning of all was the greed of some individuals and their now the power world ?
In this point is necessary distinction between the inhabitants of israel and their authorised , because , the as that is in our country , the bankers international only have to their candidates in the elections .
The current president of israel b. netanyahu is the typical example of political fascist , marketing to the bankers international , that ago all what possible for on the war to iran and , at that iran is member of the organisation of cooperation of shanghai ( china , india , russia , pakistan ... ) , threaten in become in a conflict global and , if we in account that iran controls the close of , where is the 20 % of all the oil world ( the corridor of navigation has only two miles of wide ) , would to the destruction of the economy world .
Under what light show now the words that them david in 1994 : &quot; what only that need is a crisis general and the people will of agreement with a new order world . &quot;
The new order world in their imagination is a world of mr and slave .
A world in the rest of the population it to a handful of people that are part of the aristocracy financial well accommodated .
A world in the to every new individual you up a chip the been that controls all their be .
&quot; and forced to all , small and large , rich and poor , free and slave , to have a mark in the hand right or in the with , to not power buy not sell , to not be that will the name of this monster or the figures of their name .
Is necessary understand : who have two it of with , that follow the numbers of this monster .
The number mark to the person and this number is sixty and six &quot; .
Film element : if being oil , have to
In november of 1979 a group of the demonstration of students islamists took the embassy american in tehran and took 52 as hostage .
Their we in freedom was to be to change the supporting , the which after of the revolution orhan to ee.uu , country that had consideration their regime for decades .
For the administration american the situation not themselves no perspective positive : throwing the be not what could allow , since that , if what was , disposal in danger the confidence of their allies in other countries .
But the we in freedom of the hostage in iran , where the revolution had led in the constitution the regime theocratic , not was to their reach .
Was a coup the prestige of the states united , that subsequently intensified still more with the attempt failed of release to the hostage the force .
The diplomats they were released 444 days after of the intervention negotiating the government of algeria .
In ee.uu. , their destination was a wave of solidarity and bear against iran .
The failure in iran played of way decisive to the defeat of argues argues with ronald ronald in the elections presidential of 1980 .
The film &quot; element &quot; the director and actor ben a episode of this history , a small success for america .
Little before of should the embassy , escaped six employees the building .
After of a complicated , ended in the residence of the embassy canadian .
Cia , in collaboration with the authorities canadians , managed extract of iran , for this helped a history sky a point : forthcoming with passports canadians , as member the team film that at the which in the country for the making of a who of science fiction .
Combination of
The plan that bourlanges the expert in &quot; &quot; be the collaboration of hollywood .
For that lie prompt divulged , wrote on the project film in weeklies specialist , organised conferences of press , the society of production virtual had even a clearance real .
The details on the operation together in secret for a time , the film has fact to from of the memories of tony .
The film of is a combination odd of several up .
A on , a political realistic ; another , a called &quot; &quot; , the history of a episode that went well , a deception ( a example can be the series &apos; at push ) .
In the film combined the states of mind . we a on sequences well it of tehran . in the sequence of appropriations show photographs flagship of the time of the events , that were the same way in the film ; not there many differences to this regard .
The another , scenes authoritarian of hollywood a therefore more , marked the irony and a corner excessive .
And also , scenes of the central of the cia and other institutions : men that you the situation in the table of negotiations , in the corridors of the office , telephone ...
Ben has managed restart their career of a way excellent .
The actor , that had been subject of ridiculed , has become in a director on and their way of act has longer of be the white of comments ironic .
Element is their third , after of &quot; goodbye small , goodbye &quot; ( 2007 ) and the &quot; the . city of honour &quot; ( 2010 ) .
The same time , is the first film of in the action not has place in the city of right , where it .
Also , the sensitivity of warrant the atmosphere the place was a feature that light to the directors of films old above of standards of hollywood .
And what shows in element , where tehran &quot; wheel &quot; in canada .
The best scenes of the film have place in the streets , in the reconstruction of the events reported . the sequence introductory of the of the embassy is impressive their capacity the same time , the taught the confusion and of the lack of foresight that from when , in some place , the history a step forward .
And their colleagues obtaining a effect similar in the scenes proceeded ( the team in the bazaar of tehran ) .
Too action in many
The director had that accept the fact of a history explained not offers a in the sense film of the scenes more penalised .
And the you quite well . to sometimes you adds something to the reality : here not its all of way so you ( the scene in that which the crisis in the airport of tehran , the handicap of a call to america and the for unbridled after their back become in a madness ) .
The much of element is the havoc that from of the need of show too action in many places .
Alan and john take have a role very funny as colleagues of hollywood , although their eventual deserved more space and not are , not a least , the only in this .
These for , the film of lose a little of further dramatic , but is that can to with a interest moderate , appreciate their realisation and the lifestyle of that appealing the years 70 .
But that collapse , that will difficult .
As reminder of a history real and as test of what excessive that can be the outmoded of and of the services secret , is enough .
Rules for the of much , bananas and
The servant www.bankovnipoplatky.com , that every year is a survey on the rates bank more absurd , now has decided announced the on &quot; the regulation or the ideas more absurd the workshop of the eu &quot; .
&quot; we happened after the last event , the eu has to approve a share the 40 cent of women in jobs of direction in the large companies european &quot; , he bluntly , the whoever of the survey .
Between the is , example , the recent decision the court european of unifying the policies of insurance between men and women .
To now , the women of best prices in the insurance of life because represent objective a risk will .
&quot; other ideas belief the workshop of the eu can be proposals the people to end of this year &quot; .
The election will place to end the month of february of 2013 &quot; , informed .
Between the regulations controversial of the eu is , example , the addition compulsory of the fuel that , as result , harms the environment ; other ban is the use of the thermometers of mercury of whole the life only because contain a small amount of a substance dangerous or the deleted the size of the cages of the hens , that has contributed the increase considerable the price of the eggs this year .
Has criticised the ban proving of use the expression &quot; butter of it &quot; or the withdrawal of the garage classical of the shops .
A banana of quality must have a length of 14 centimetres .
The would of the union the kind of decisions to often under the pressure of one or another lobby law or industrial , whose petitions in brussels are stood normally some state or group of states ( the republic czech , even with the threat of veto , eye the demands of their banks ) .
The interests of a lobby were behind of the request , example , of that bananas of greater quality be have in the eu a length of what least 14 centimetres and not could it &quot; shifting &quot; .
The commission european for saying that with this only search harmonisation the rules national not to the date , that only their marketing .
The rules that do reference to fruit and vegetables in the eu , to despite of the opposition of some states , have no on the basis of that directive existing means a waste of grocery .
The candidate to earn the survey could be the site of the eu the year last according the which in the much that market is compulsory have that children age of 8 years not are authorised to the supervision of a adult .
The eu was reference here to a study american according the which , when about of toys , the much are the main cause of death child serves .
Also is existing a restriction similar applies the use of part of children of to 14 years .
Born even in our
Also absurd is the regulation which to the officials european : all at that have any role official in the eu not can use the designation of macedonia . for not hurt the sensitivity of greece , must about of ( fyrom fyrom fyrom of macedonia ) .
The servant bankovnípoplatky.com , in collaboration with the partnership of economists liberals , in the survey , between some proposals absurd mentioned more down , the site of the union on the volume of the has of food in the territory of a state member .
The eu anastassopoulos the volumes were of has of food that can technically in the territory of the republic czech the same day of our entry to the eu .
After , the republic czech estimated , example , the volume established for growing in retains , what that you an threat of fined substantial .
To the organizers of the survey also them was the commonplace of pay to those countries that not have access the sea and the idea of give a subsidy for the request of subsidies .
This class of ideas not arose in brussels but in prague .
&quot; we in disadvantage the fact of not have sea .
We to the union european a compensation &quot; , declared in autumn the 2004 the then minister of agriculture ( ) .
What alleged with the fact of that in our country was a crop and , as result of the on purchases of intervention , the state had the stores in and had that export .
According , given that republic czech is far of the ports seaports , the eu should are hundreds of million of eur .
The end , the commission european was ready to help to the republic czech and organised a public for the buying the crop of the countries that not have access the sea .
The subsidy for receive a subsidy was proposal to the municipalities the ministry for the development local at the minister ( us-deu ) . specifically , is an to the wording of applications of subsidies of brussels .
Eu : the decided rare are a
The guidelines of the states member are to often white of criticisms , the efforts of the eu in on of there and , also , a functioning and development more they in whole the union deserve more well , according several experts , our recognition .
According the experts , the problem more serious is , example , the collection of subsidies of the eu for projects that not have nothing that see with the deepening of the integration european , but that states member have managed in the negotiations on budgets .
To the czech also them it the very sensitive , the same way that to other countries of the union , the fight the right to the designation of origin of their products traditional , although our country not always has out de of these .
The czech , after six years of disputes with germans and austrian , flank with success the designation of origin the of , but had that christening the name the rum national , whose tradition in our country back the century nineteenth , and happened to unfair &quot; &quot; .
Only the products processing to from the abroad of cane of sugar can be runs rum , but not those facts to from of beet of sugar .
In the consideration official of geographical of origin protected of the eu , with with the fruits from and gorgonzola known in all the world , the of the city german carrying or the ham of ham , already are example the shortbread of resort resort , the of and of and , even , the variety of hop of .
As protected of the eu , will be proud the bread of of and the resort of greens .
The people to that save the republic , but am a amateur , says
Mr senator , how you happened stand to the elections for president ?
Not is of be senator or president .
If in our country outside all well , then not would my candidacy .
But already not can bear see how condemn in the last twenty years in our country , how the honour are go , increase the tax and the age of retirement .
Not had ambitions of be political .
When see something that not i like , attempt to with a solution for .
And since that already have forty years and my candidacy is independent , the only possibility that have of change the things is coming as senator or president .
The senate already has come , but little after has since in way towards the presidency .
Not is giving the on to those people that what have voted ?
Always i that my candidacy to the presidency depended of the results in the elections the senate .
More later that if was elected senator , would my candidacy to the presidency .
But my aim not is the role ; the role is the tool with the can to reality my own ideas .
That need the greater influence possible and the mandate more strong possible .
The problem not is only that us a nation that criticize in the bar or front of the television , but that to who that wants to a change .
To this you fallen the media of communication , that you discredit and who the freedom of expression with the freedom of lie .
Of me says that i deported to journalists or that i been advisory of jiří jiří .
We to about of their ideas .
There to the fight presidential with i financial and responsibilities criminal of political and the statement of the property above of twenty million .
For this must change the law .
As president not has this competition and only the senate in their whole can propose laws .
How to it ?
As citizen , i have part of a group of pressure for that profession of on recognise as work be , and what we .
The problem is in the policy : if someone a with a good proposal , already be of right or of left , this to purpose and this affects to the citizens .
As candidate independent , have of a greater potential for obtain the support of all the groups members .
Not undistorted of party , have the capacity of power decisions something of every party that be better for our country and apply .
As more well a man of right or of left ?
Since the point of view czech , have the impression that people i as more of left .
For me not has importance , already be a little of left or a little of right .
What that i care is that want forward .
Not i care if someone is of right or of left , i bring to the people .
Always support openly any solution good , regardless of if the proposal next the or of the ods and , the same way , i in against of the poor ideas .
Ago joke when says of ud. that is populist .
But not what is proving with what that says ?
When creates a plan business for the company , you also certain objectives and ideals .
And to them .
Will who what something populism , but all the proposals of the i already work in the world or known experts speak of them .
But the support the parliament only you are slogans .
And with this not can survive in the policy to long term .
Or believes you that if at to the people and about with them , will , example , a responsibility criminal and financial ?
Not have other option .
To to political , to journalists and to the society civil and try them of my part for this .
If outside elected president , not would problem in organise a broadcasting in direct television in the which would to the leaders of the parties members that responsibility criminal and financial for political , officials , judges and tax the state .
And , eventually , them should that communicate why not what want .
If there a like strong that out the disputes , can to pressure in the scene policy .
Take case the election direct the president , that has been a achievement of the pressure public .
The same time tell that only am a amateur , not am not a out not a intellectual .
For my views and ideals attempt to allies .
Just of start in the policy and attempt obtain the greater support possible for my programme .
Attempt from the things forward i same , but in case of that not it well , within of six years what contribution and back the sector private .
Sounds a little as if outside to save the republic czech .
Not am no salvador .
Know that with a person not i nothing , that i visited to a series of personalities known , if to what better to it their candidacy the senate .
I to see to , but refused because had a work .
My part , what least i supported to the journalist of research , that his to the light the fraud with fruits covered of heating .
I i that of the basis of that people is really dissatisfied , now am in the balance .
The sixty cent of the population not out to the ballot and , those that what did , voted to the representatives the wake .
In the senate we two the sector independent .
The people was the senate , of such way that will complicated achieve changes .
However , i defend my own ideas , as example the election direct of mayors or of governors .
Is at be their own party ?
Still not what i have because not have time for this , for check the last unblemished of every one of the potential member the party , not not have money .
Not have money not for the campaign to the presidency , in my account transparent only there 20.000 billion .
Not has money ?
About of statements of the property , how is the their ?
Clarification my property private in a 60 million .
In prague have a ground valued in 25 million , a out valued ten million , another out in eight million , a now of works of art with a value of ten million , a martin of a 3.5 million and a valued in a million , and in the account have a couple of million .
True , have a martin because was my dream of young . always i pleased james bond , that seeing this car , was gallant with the women and , the same time , elites against the and injustices .
Leads a martin , their property is valued in 60 million and not has money for the campaign ?
Ud. says that to change the republic but not to to too money of their part .
Not is very convincing .
Not have 15 million for the campaign .
Have that ?
In the campaign already i since 2.5 million .
The fact of that not have no shows that not there too interest in my programme .
And not have the duty of pay the campaign with money of my pocket .
The expenditure of the campaign cover in essence what that get in concept of salary of senator .
But not could live of this . example , not could pay to my son the school english , that costs 30.000 billion month .
If like only earn money , then not i would as candidate .
So that will with their activity business for power live ?
Not has said before that was to to this activity ?
This not has nothing that see with a salary greater .
As i promised , in part i longer my activities .
Example , the representative of my agency of travel will to be my substitute in spring .
The people would that outside the republic .
But i also need live of something .
How strings to earn monthly as his ?
Between 200.000 and 400.000 , that i gaining .
If outside president , then cease the business .
Can put whole the interview in the edition the saturday of .
The study of architecture shows that real adventures not only are in the head - in the example of the library of and the would despite &quot; mountain of books &quot; - 2
&quot; i that building is fun , has a aspect , and end there something interesting that see &quot; , says , a killed that is the street .
And stefan , technical of you in a great company on close of the library , as : &quot; also , the building is it &quot; .
But i i wonder for what need a library today in day .
All we internet , chlorine and books electronic .
Nobody will will in these libraries past of fashionable , not ?
, a city bedroom on to the doors of suggestion that hardly deserves a visit , holds the questionable honour of have levies with a record for forget .
The population of 80.000 inhabitants is the rate of literacy more low of the countries netherlands .
For to this situation so scandal , ago some years decided make of any way to the culture general and imitation the seven bridges fake that officer represented in the notes of euro in way of of concrete arm .
The success of the for amusing was limited .
And so was as the responsible political you that only there a possibility for improve the statistics : ! had that build a library
, the study of architecture dutch , all a master in the art of the of bars and responsible of buildings funny to the couple that commonwealth , took the issue with their her calm and lively to the presentation the in the year 2003 with five books under the it and a around in the face .
And while the jury telescope oswiecim to their around and of shoulders , were to up the books size its a pyramid and brought their brief speech with the following words : &quot; ladies fellow
Here the you , my proposal for the mountain of books of , the which &apos; &quot; .
Nine years after , the mountain of 30 million of eur comments in the place to .
This way part the project of revival , that full with a parking underground , a supermarket , a office of post and a couple of buildings of housing and .
To principles of november the mountain of books was medallists with the second prize &quot; impact county of nl 2012 &quot; .
Also , the project also is the &quot; national young 2012 &quot; .
Of this way , the small city sake of history , that to the date not had nothing more that offer a area smartest today's and a city incredibly fingers after whose on white one more well a central country , account now with a labour of architecture contemporary .
But on all , at now the first building cultural public of their history .
The long way to the
The first impression is that is of a paradise of books under a .
Well is true that there a lift that we transported fair the centre of this poisoned mountainous , but the real achieve the space and the reading not what use , but that prefer into with their to every step of their escalation to the top .
The internal completely is bright and easy of cover with the view , the soil of mortar and the elegant support of way unequivocally the condition public of the library .
The environment urban is perfect .
The raise the view can to to when the banks the park , the dogs and the children and girls playing the football .
And all both books , books and more books .
&quot; normally the shelves of books are willing to what long of the on and in the centre opens a huge room whites that , what general , is be something be and impersonal &quot; , says .
What that we fact us is to this down the classical configuration space and from the area of reading the internal the foreign .
The internal of the mountain is very well tapped : in the are the offices , the library of internet , the club of being , the centre of education environmental and the room of peacekeeping .
Is special deserve the shelves this tries the duties of coating , and the same time .
The view , the you and the are strangers .
Even the architects and the engineers civilians more the day shake the head when already about of this material unknown .
&quot; we work with materials recycled &quot; , we , head the project in the city of .
And so is as a day , in a exploitation agricultural , we brings with the animal appropriate from of the agriculture .
Since ago many years , in the greenhouses and in the camps of the countries netherlands used a fabric plastic of scarce cable of thick as basis for caged the roots of the crops .
Is of a material cheaper and efficient .
This fabric fine hard two stations and after battled .
For the library this fabric , first time in such quantities , to to revised of four centimetres of thick .
With the heat and the pressure , the of plastic agricultural ( ) time of colour and becomes in a material dark , harmonised and durable that of to a of car new and of sport .
After 105 corridor a to the top of the mountain .
The end of this route continual of almost 500 metres around of the mountain we facing the to : since the cafeteria not only has a fantastic view of the city , but that in she also can enjoy of a beside famous and their gm in enormous flower .
These do a environment an to the couple that are the content air appropriate for this mountain of literature .
Donations for a new
&quot; although costs believe in their large land as , this building is a project exemplary in what that as to the ecology &quot; , out .
The heating and the cooling necessary are to from of energy geothermal .
To despite of that mountain of books is on under a huge pyramid of glass , even in the days more the sun only which for few hours in their internal .
The enormous of wood a in sense mind to the on of glass serve for to shadow and indicating the majority of the rays the sun .
This creates a climate internal .
The rest is thing of the pulled it .
Stefan , the scepticism worker the sector of the technologies of the information , already has courage to to the ordinary in the new library .
And also has state there .
Also , the teacher of medicine traditional china her has visited the library . she described the &quot; &quot; as the &quot; soul mention &quot; of .
The reason is that , with reason of the opening that had place ago a couple of weeks , invited to all the inhabitants of the city to donate a book of their now private .
Of this way to fill , of time , the missed of a library that still not account with their archive completely ; in the today has 70.000 copies .
The concept has sure noticed .
The shelves are teem .
&quot; not there nothing worst a library a empty &quot; , says the architect .
&quot; i that thank to our initiative now all the inhabitants have a true link with this building .
All know that their book way part of the library .
Although only is there for embellish .
Of this way , the study has managed all a success in that discipline as that in the us specialises known as &quot; creation of a identity &quot; .
The city of has writing a part of the history of the literature .
Regardless of what young and that can be .
End a point of starting for shaping their identity .
: &quot; the germans must play a role more leading &quot;
Germany has abstained in the vote on the admission of palestine .
According instigation , expert in the relations us . uu.-europa , this at to berlin in a position diplomatic quite tricky .
Deutsche result : to principles of week , germany was to understand that would in against of the proposal of give to the territories palestinians the condition of state observer of the nations un .
However , finally berlin abstained .
What ?
Instigation : germany not supports what that israelis have fact in gaza .
Now well , because to the relationship special that unite the country with israel , germany must have care .
But the same time i that not supports the position american .
Germany wanted demonstrate their independence be too criticism with israel .
For the embargo that had place in libya in march of 2011 , germany also abstained when of what that was was of establish a area of ban of flight .
This has been avowed finally the nato .
You is difficult to germany adopt a position clear when are in at subjects international important ?
, so is .
This must to that in these at is hindrance their policy foreign , moving of a policy led , so say , the states united and on in a policy foreign german .
And what that difficult still more the things is that european not have a policy coherent and uniform .
What both , the germans are in a at .
Of them expected that play a role more independent , but not are used to do .
I that still are operating what will their role , but already have on the way towards a policy foreign &quot; normal &quot; .
A policy foreign similar to the countries as france or great britain .
What means specifically a policy foreign &quot; normal &quot; since the point of view german ?
Is a policy that , when is of interests national , shows ready to defend clash different to the of states united or their partners european .
I that policy foreign german is a strong motivation in the policy economic , is say , in the exports and in their relations with certain regions , as can be russia , china or east next .
The interests economic germans are to true point different to the of other large powers and that reason germany must protect their interests .
These interests economic have affected in the position adopted with regard the conflict in east next and in the vote of the un ?
A on , germany account with large markets in east next , especially in the gulf .
This reason must be poppy and not alienate of the opinion public arab or not of the élite arab .
This is important , course .
But i not you would so importance since that not is of a relationship completely unilateral .
But , play a role fundamental in the considerations german .
Has attacked germany their relationship with us . uu. the abstain of vote in important decisions as in the vote on palestine ?
I that in europe , and even in states united , the position german degree of a huge degree of understanding .
This reason , not i that has been a break so drastic as in the case of libya .
Perhaps with this germany has achieved leman a true respect .
The end and the out , all this not has fact but demonstrate that is a country the take in seriously as actor international and whose interests there that have in account .
In europe there different views about of the initiative palestine .
In change , us . uu. has shown clearly to favour of a veto .
There differences of views between us . uu. and many nations european ?
Always have been these disparities because to the policy internal us .
I that government of obama shows in secret a great understanding towards the position european .
But , to cause of the situation policy that lives here , is clear that government not can defend in public that position .
I that real differences of views not has in reality the which that you attaches .
If we the relations between obama and the first minister israeli netanyahu , we that obama not is for nothing himself with the policy that develops .
You is difficult to germany reconcile the links relations that in with israel and states united , a on , with the position of their main partners in the eu , another ?
I that is precisely that what that ago that be so difficult for the germans .
Course that would a little more easy for the germans if existed a policy european coherent and allowing , but not is the case .
What therefore , not have the possibility of be part of a spain higher , but that must promote the things since their own position .
That is precisely what that are doing now with the euro .
I that in the future germany will a role of leadership to the time of force to europe to adopt a position european .
Course that not is nothing easy for germany , already be simply the relationship that in with israel .
This has been always a issue handles .
But i that germans have clear that must play the role of on independent .
Is germany to same in the role of actor international important ? to in reality germany in a role leading ?
Or perhaps you still underdeveloped difficult accept that leadership ?
Germany still not has have , always is something you and , for obvious , the country you still collapse play a role more important .
If we the crisis the euro , example , we that every time that germany i as actor main , when certain feelings .
This not is easy for the germans .
Is of a old problem and is that no to be surrounded of the countries enemies .
Seen of this way , germany is in a position a more difficult that states united .
Must show a attitude inclusive with to the different neighbours and views and that not is easy .
The influence of us . uu. in the policy european ever every time more , but the eu not cover of time that we , who is then ?
To the germans not them will more no that in a role more leading .
Even if not them like , if them is unpleasant or if them becomes in a people still more unpopular , c &apos; la the vie
Instigation is director executive of the academy transatlantic in washington , a institution in the academic and experts in policy from of europe and of america the north you of way jointly the challenges to the faces the community transatlantic .
Is also member the polls marshall your , where has specialises in policy german , policy foreign us and relations transatlantic .
&quot; protection of trademark &quot; in china : when and drunk become of suddenly in trademark
Drunk is a mark known to level world and side also .
But , what is drunk side ?
After this name behind a designation eu officially in china but that not has nothing that see with the companies original .
Not however , this degree of protection while the real not be a demand .
And even then not is clear that them will to to the reason .
&quot; to the foreign them is every time more difficult protect their trademark in china &quot; , out he , lawyer the practice an specialises in violations of rights of protection in extreme east .
Every week a to my table a new case .
The imitators simply in a couple of you for power record their trademark .
Of this way , becomes in lu-gucci and in place of with prada-kny .
The companies german also copied legally of the same way , such and as you has happened the manufacturer of articles sports .
Opens a locked in the have seats of the office of trademark of beijing .
The 14 of september of 2010 a company china which record the mark , a name artificial that also i of the home of fashionable .
That chinese are champions world in that of imitation and of all the rights of property intellectual is of too known .
In the large cities there large stores of several plants dedicated exclusively to the sale of counterfeiting .
However , the cases of are of other a . charge of their customers , he fight against the fact of that office of trademark granted of way official to the companies chinese the right to from from of a designation that already is eu in another place .
The chinese what refer &quot; bang &quot; or mark his .
The word has their origin in the term chinese &quot; bang &quot; ,
That ago reference to women that have &quot; fish &quot; to a man rico .
The authorities chinese not feel
&quot; is harmful for the business , there that fight against this &quot; , requires .
&quot; the mark ago waters , the position monopolist disappears and the damage that suffering the image is huge . &quot;
The losses financial and the as procedural of the sectors affected are commission , on all in the case of products flagship of luxury .
According data of the company of analysis of market , with a volume of 15.000 million of eur the year china is , in size , the third market of articles of luxury and the overall to greater pace .
However , achieve the seeking of enrolment of doubtful legality in the registration of trademark is complicated and also is a money .
The processes can over to nine years and the result is uncertain .
About of cases in the court rejected a demand because had objective therefore time that name subject of the demand already had become in a &quot; reality of market &quot; .
&quot; if the they has bad fortunately , perhaps even have that pay money the because the process has damage to the mark of this in china &quot; , out .
In times this is the law of the jungle .
Some of the cases more known have that see with elements graphic .
In 2009 daimler-benz lost a he against the manufacturer of machinery of construction , the company that has been taken ago little the manufacturer german of bombs of concrete .
That to day of today the chinese can to being a emblem very similar to the star of mercedes .
The one of volvo , , his the principle a logo in white and blue that us in great measure to bmw ; the issue in the courts and had that happened .
The manufacturer of clothes lost in china against imitators from of hong hong and singapore whose logo represented a crocodile eye in the direction opposite the original .
The authorities chinese not feel guilty .
The office of trademark in beijing recognised that in 2010 have had difficulties because to the shortage of equipment and funding of personal .
The year last , however , &quot; the situation of emergency labour the to the as &quot; .
Of this way , the amount of processes of complaint continue has small in a 22 % .
Almost 57.000 of these cases worked been , a 75 % more that year previous .
But , 81.500 complaints still outstanding of resolution .
Fight against this costs a
As is be her in china , the figures are surprising .
The year last the registered more of 1.4 million of applications of protection of trademark , almost a third more that in 2010 .
Would of a new record and means that china world tenth year running the list of new enrolment in all the world , according out the office of trademark .
Seems that also happens with the number of which valid , figure that out to 5.5 million in total .
In 2011 would 1.800 million of typhoon in concept of rights .
Said of other way , this means that of average every for costs 1.280 typhoon or 160 eur .
Fight against this costs a money , such and as shows the case of the company family german .
Since ago more of seven years the group principal in the courts against a chinese .
If well the germans have managed stop the manufacture illegal of parts of car of imitation ,
The has achieved they the rights chinese on the .
&quot; us ourselves we caused this situation because in germany the surnames not are protected &quot; , out , president and thanks of in munich .
The office of trademark also rejected the appeal of the .
In the two following bodies you have given the reason to , but the part opposite still fronts in the today .
There that have great
Now the case has come to the doors the court higher of justice , where still outstanding of resolution .
Responding in power resolve welcome the question and rationale the professionalism of the courts .
However , also says that &quot; the procedure is extremely expensive , therefore in terms of money as of time &quot; .
Is difficult estimate the costs internal ; the archive business has had that review dossiers of to hundred years of old for power to evidence .
Ago five years promised to the part opposite a &quot; sum of six figures in eur &quot; with the aim of to to a agreement friendly , but not had success .
&quot; this shows what that we care &quot; , out .
The dangers that dictatorial in extreme east threat even with affect to europe ,
Specifically if the imitators they there the rights on trademark not protected .
So , a manufacturer chinese tried record in germany the name for shoes and products of fur .
Ago time that group occasion this area trade , not however in prevent the for .
&quot; there that have great care &quot; , says .
Therefore he as the lawyer proposed to the companies german that are extremely careful to the time of to business with china .
Not enough with rely in the legislation international on rights of mark , but that what that there that to is &quot; record also in china all for that can be for of protection &quot; , such and as as .
Of what contrary , the issue can be a more expensive a simple registration .
Of fact , in case of that scenario the last assault of their battle particular , then would that pay to the part opposite rights of licence their own name , such and as it .
That or in the segment in question we the market .
Day world of the fight against the aids : dance , i ,
In druckmaschinen trying the chorus and in swaziland delighted the orphans the
The history of a link capable of that overcome a more of 8.733 kilometres of distance .
First starts the floor : you of , slippers of in , shoes of and for the compass on the soil of , and what are quickly .
A , two , three , four .
Only then start to raised slowly the voices of the singers ( , under , statement and ) , , and a to other .
And , the director of 29 years , threat with trick almost of their skilled the try to order with their gestures bold and into .
Is monday the later and in the room of music the institute of medical of druckmaschinen the chorus trying a new song .
Also have come the fifty singers , of between 23 and 69 years , since the human to the looking of home .
&quot; &apos; &quot; not is a one easy , every voice the chorus has a text different and also in a language foreign hardly known : a language about eleven million of people in africa , botswana , lesotho , malawi , mozambique and in some areas of swaziland .
Aid for the
According a estimate of unaids , the programme of the nations un for the fight against the aids , in all the world there approximately 34 million of people infected the virus the hiv .
23.5 million of them living in the southern of africa .
In swaziland there 245.000 orphans the aids .
More the 40 % of the population already is positive .
The partnership at africa has found in germany peacemaker for the 180 orphans the aids the people of .
Was of them attend to the school secondary .
15 or 20 eur the month can to a child .
This contribution will the plate of the school , the uniform and you will a food a day in the center .
Means in &quot; of stories &quot; or &quot; &quot; .
In this room nobody know about with fluidity this language , but i know .
Since ago ten years this chorus trying songs in this anymore language foreign that in times by to their place of origin : the southern of africa .
To 8.733 kilometres of distance in line straight since druckmaschinen , in the deliver the uk of swaziland , there a people called that on of the voices of this chorus german .
The forty cent is
Approximately 2.000 people live there , some still in simpler they of fast and mouth , a great part of them are children .
More of 300 already not have parents because have succumbed the aids .
Is a small example of what that affects to swaziland : the rate of infection of aids more high and the hopes of life more in of all the world , according unicef .
The population not is with good eyes the circumcision , a practice that according has shown reduces to the half the risk of infection .
More the 40 % of the inhabitants of swaziland are carrying the virus of the line , and die with something more of thirty years has become in something her .
For a journey whole to africa in the spring of 2005 the chorus found this population , but what that were on all were many children in the streets that which not only of the protection of their parents , but of what main : food , clothes and training .
Title school , the for in a country poor are more that cop .
In a principle was only the compromise particular of a few what that was possible a child outside the school and of a food a day . all a few eur .
However , a year after the chorus atatürk the partnership &quot; at africa &quot; that since then has occupied judicial of the orphans the aids in .
Facts on the infections of transmission
What are the main diseases of transmission sexual ?
Between the incidence of origin are the syphilis , the as and the .
The incidence of origin more arise are the aids , the virus the papilloma human , the mutilation or the hepatitis .
The and the are between the incidence airborne parasites .
What are the main groups of affected ?
The syphilis and the are with more often in men that are relations sexual with other men .
The institute robert koch part of the basis of that least four of every five cases of syphilis registered in germany have their origin in a contact sexual between men .
In the case of the adults the diseases of transmission sexual more arise are the infections as , , the virus the papilloma human , the ( ) and the .
The infection the hiv between the adults the country is relatively small ; not however , approximately the 20 % of the new infections hiv are in this group .
Between the young , the infections as are a more arise that in other groups of population .
According surveys european , three quarters of all the infections affect to young of between 15 and 25 years .
In our country , the virus the papilloma human also adds to the diseases more arise between the young .
How has out the number of infections ?
Not all the diseases of transmission sexual are subject to statement compulsory .
According the institute robert koch , the number of infections syphilis has doubled their figure of 1.697 cases in 2001 to 3.698 cases in 2011 .
The number of new infections hiv in a trend downward since 2007 .
In 2011 registered approximately 2.700 cases .
Is of a tenth part less that in the year previous .
What symptoms show that is of a disease ?
The diseases infectious can to in the area mutilation , bother the , flow , pain understanding , so as or .
To often not cause pain not their other symptoms and that not we .
How can one protect ?
The condoms can reduce the risk of infection , but not offered protection the hundred hundred .
Some players wildfire of diseases of transmission sexual also can be to through of infections and contact physical .
This reason , the experts proposed must regularly to examinations doctors , on all if time with often of couple sexual .
If diagnosed of way early , the majority of the incidence can cured and is possible avoid any result mention .
To through of institutionalised , donations and , last but not this least important , of the refunded that price the chorus their actions in whole germany , they to custom quite money .
&quot; in total we sent already a 200.000 eur to &quot; , out proud annette , president of the partnership .
In the own people gugu a woman safe of same and with on of leadership administers the money sent since germany .
Taken of that orphans are a good it , example with a of the grandmothers .
The &quot; &quot; , as shape to the women over in , are the pillars the people .
Some of them have to 14 orphans to their office , them offered a homeless where live and are of that children pressuring to the school all the days it and overalls with their uniform .
The not have to nobody are under the protection of , a woman accounts the as that two that are of cooking all the days for more of 200 children hungry , is a wage of the partnership .
Also , &quot; of africa &quot; has since in a school of remnant , has built two and , in collaboration with the organisation health us , has achieved that many of the inhabitants the people have subject to a test of hiv .
This not is something obvious , since that , to despite of what patent that is this disease in all the country , not is about openly of she .
A king with 14
&quot; the aids is a taboo no &quot; , says annette , &quot; because has that see with the acceptance &quot; .
Something strange in a country in the king has officially 14 wives .
The last with no the africa black , the king iii , is known their lifestyle of life menu and full of tripping .
In place of democracy .
This way of life not found officially is in great part responsible of the spread so fast that has experienced the virus the hiv in the last decades .
But also must to the countless that only the country of a on to another and that what have beyond where will .
According annette , &quot; in any corner can to condoms free , but these hardly use .
Is other culture , here only accepted the contact fur against fur &quot; .
For promote the exchange cultural , the chorus travel every two or three years the southern of africa songs that speak of gloom , spirit , hope and confidence in the race black , songs that many in the extreme more southern the continent african still reminiscent of the time the apartheid .
A bus full of white that volumes songs in a language of black ; therefore recognition not only it for a excellent environment and very joy , but that also has achieved a couple of tears to some that another bronze border .
The journey them has always to , where the singers their to the children .
To despite of that small population hardly is in the maps , in the valley the river is very known .
&quot; to , there which the light &quot; , says the people the place .
And after go the 8.733 kilometres in line straight of back to druckmaschinen to the rooms of trial of the street teem of singers pointing the step , one account of that also is possible see conspicuous their light since there .
: the nasa which ice in
The probe has found evidence of the existence of ice in mercury .
Probably the layer of ice have a thick of to 20 metres .
The nasa , the agency space american , has has evidence of the existence of ice in mercury .
To despite of be the planet more have the sun , there also there water , such and as from of three studies published the thursday in the magazine specialised &quot; meat &quot; .
The probe would found evidence of that in the area the planet that is on to the shadow has have a layer of ice .
Seems that has the least 30 centimetres and probably even to 20 metres of thick .
The water from possesses of or , with great likelihood , of that in their day collisions against mercury .
Nobody linked the headlines of ice with the possibility of that there life in the planet , says the scientists head of the probe , are .
The temperature in mercury can achieve to 426 degrees degree .
However , the findings could help to britons how have come the water and other components of the life to other areas the system solar .
Of way completely for the inhabitants the planet land , the probes , past and small as the as play to explore the unidentified the universe .
Of time in when send images to the land : small windows to the reaches the space .
The image from of a house developed researchers germans the institute charisma .
The eight planets that collapsing our system solar , also the planet .
The as that around the sun fair behind of envious , according the new definition the term published the union cannot international in 2006 not is no &quot; planet &quot; .
This section of a image of infrared taken the telescope shows a &quot; reflects of family &quot; in the officer generations of stars : the stars more old show as points blue , although what more difficult of recognise is the colour reflect of the stars &quot; would deliberate &quot; .
This region of training of stars , which of way little romantic the scientists w5 , was lb the telescope in the constellation of , to a distance of 6.500 years light .
This image of a star in extinction was taken the telescope of the nasa .
The ring in way of is up the material that star in their process of extinction .
In the huge firmly , to 5.400 years light of the land , are new stars to from of gas and dust .
The telescope of the nasa took this photograph of the area of training life .
The , a group of stars also known with the leman of &quot; the seven sisters &quot; , are a subject visible to simple view in the sky to .
However , with the telescope can able better the colours .
The firmly of the is as a huge eye red is in this image of infrared .
Is on to 700 years light of the constellation of .
Their similarity with a continent earth you has respect the leman of america the north .
The combination of a was normal and a image of infrared place to a witnessed colourful .
This star in fledgling could be its in all their glory first time the detectors of infrared the telescope .
Rings and their rings : how derived still being a of the large spending of the exploration .
Probably is of remains of a of the screens of rings that with to trace ago 4.500 million of years .
A of the over and more photographs taken the telescope : the galaxy the .
On of the , some images of star become in real works of art .
The image published the centre european were shows the firmly on to several thousands of years light in the constellation of .
The name from the term latino &quot; &quot; ( divided in three ) , since a shameful lines of dust into the heart ongoing of this area of training life in three .
In the constellation of the voyager were filming the signs of a cosmic : to 400 million of years light of the land the numbers of two star in process of merger derive the one towards the another for i currency of way irredeemably .
This training of stars was its the telescope in the galaxy spiral m83 .
The not dislike of abbreviations technical can you to she with the leman of were .
The was the telescope space shows a section of the firmly entity in the constellation of .
The firmly on to 1.400 years light is states particles of dust whose size is between ten and hundred sometimes more small that of the particles of dust that we find in a home .
This image was created to from of images angles and of made different past .
Shows a ring of holes black it to 430 million of years light of the land .
This group of star , of 273 , was a time of model for the telescope space of the nasa .
The scientists refer the galaxy spiral of greater size 1810 .
In this firmly is the group of stars young more it of our to planets .
This area of training life is constantly new stars .
In this cloud of stars , associated to the firmly , also arise now new star ; to 5.000 years light of the land .
In this galaxy so brilliant with a small hole black still not there dust , only gas .
The researchers excessive that formed little after the bang bang , when in the universe could find on all hydrogen .
Our window the universe : the past more
Seems that telescope was zuse hans in 1608 , before of that galileo galilei what green a year after for it the stars .
Since then , the mirrors of the past not has unemployed of grow and the images that we offered have every time more depth .
For 30 years , specifically of 1947 to 1975 , the telescope it in the centre close of st garcia was the more large the world .
Their mirror , in the image , had a distance of five metres .
In arizona , us . parts . , comments the families .
This allows it the manage to through of two mirrors , every one with a distance of 8.4 metres .
The internal the great telescope canary it in the island of the palma is huge - only the mirror has a distance of 10.4 metres .
The mirror the southern southern families in africa is for save costs .
Despite to this , high a distance of approximately eleven metres .
The these of this construction more economic is that telescope has a angle of raising make , what that their mobility is limited .
The telescope hobby-eberly in minnesota also has a angle of raising make .
Their fact is their huge capacity for up light .
To despite of have with a distance of mirror comparison more small , this capacity is sixties to the of the past of mirror more large the world .
With aid the telescope of ( port puerto ) the researchers can explore the universe in search of signals of life .
The telescope has a distance of 305 metres .
In the &quot; for of intelligence &quot; ( their driver in english ) can help any person that legally a computer , bringing capacity of prosecution .
View the centre european were ( that ) it in the altogether chilean .
Here comments the families , a telescope that ago honour to their name .
With a total of four mirrors , this telescope also can cook the spectrum a .
The also suggestions the of e-elt ( european families or telescope european extremely large ) .
Their mirror maintenance will 42 metres and will up a total of 1.000 elements .
To 2018 not expected power take images .
To 2007 the two past located in the volcano of were who the more large the world .
These have with two mirrors , every one of them with a distance of 10 metres .
The past are part the centre , that with to them waves the sky with the aid the telescope and the .
In is to build a new telescope of enormous scale and with a distance of mirror of thirty metres .
This is a image of how would .
However , the information more important the manage we a of the hand the telescope space .
Since the 24 of april of 1990 are images of worlds distant .
Since march of 2009 the telescope space search planets , mainly those that are liveable .
The 2 of february of 2011 the nasa announced that since the beginning of their mission had localised 1.235 candidates to planets .
In the image are the last preparations very the launching the telescope space .
The telescope james switzerland ( ) not launched the space to board of a had 5 to 2018 .
The mirror maintenance of this telescope space has a distance of 6.5 metres .
A of the duties of this telescope will to the light of the first stars and star charity after the bang bang .
The researchers proceed of the basis of that in the side southern of mercury also there ice .
However , not there evidence legally , since that probe this in about the planet in a about a more their the side north .
Since ago decades the measurements of radar invite to the existence of ice in mercury .
Thank to the probe ( 2004 ) , the first that earth in about to mercury , now the scientists have the certainty of that is so .
Drinking butter to on and live 168
The southern of azerbaijan many people true achieve age .
There there even a museum into to the longevity .
A for of fingerprinting in a country in the people of 97 years still are considered young .
The southern of azerbaijan many people true achieve age .
There there even a museum into to the longevity .
A for of fingerprinting in a country in the people of 97 years still are considered young .
The way the region mountainous of could altogether of with and romantic .
The is with great hell to through of the road that is the on of tribes wooded , rivers of great wealth and of the simpler houses of the farmers local .
All is green and steak , one could even think that is in the jungle black .
However , we we in the area more southern of azerbaijan ; since here the border with iran is to so only a kilometres .
Here live the &quot; &quot; , a people the not know a , from of that dominated perfectly the intolerantly and the and that are very dying .
Our destination end is .
This small city defeating of a architecture perhaps too sewn in the was soviet and that not seems dovetailed the all in a landscape mountainous so folklore .
The tourists european hardly they to this place , already that way since the capital of azerbaijan , , is too heavy .
For go the 323 kilometres that separate both numbers urban , need eight hours because the road is of a only sense .
The astonishing wealth of the degree the country thank the oil the sea caspian still not has come to this region .
However , ( 48 ) is convinced of that has what that there that have for become in a tourist tourist .
&quot; was famous in may with reason of the since the festival of song and the next year we the festival of the people more elderly the world &quot; , out .
Is of the there the museum of the longevity , perhaps the only that there in the world .
Here is detailed the life of eight dozens of the place that have have the 100 years of age . out a image in white and black .
This is my grandfather , that lived 120 years .
A son own died to the age of 136
However , the star an museum is the sheep of sheep , that seems have through 168 years .
Not however , not there no starting of birth that what .
And if we in account that man of greater age detailed lived 122 years , seems that age of is quite suspect .
&quot; born in the region in 1805 and died in 1973 &quot; , we .
The man was includes in three times and had 23 children . the appear still had time of conceive a daughter more to the age of 136 years .
Has wrong then in their age in a couple of decades ?
However , fibre , in the institute charisma of rostock , also has heard about of the elderly age of this head of asia central .
&quot; in some regions of china , japan or in the valley of in pakistan also live people of age very elderly &quot; , says fibre , &quot; even in sardinia there many men over &quot; .
Because to the lack of documents , is impossible to evidence scientific about of the age ; very when not there no registration civil .
All the days affect in of butter
Is a fact that , of way surprisingly often , the inhabitants of the region on in about to usually achieve a age custodianship .
In the today there 20 people that over the 100 years of age .
What living here , in the southern , many people of age older ?
The on purposes it that is of the genes special of the .
The there the museum , the sra. , believes in change that cause lies in the food .
However , since a point of view nutritional , not seems logical that precisely the food rich in lowcalorie of that love the meat , the bread and on all the products dairy and many of the which , also , they daily a glass of butter , be so healthy .
Or perhaps be the way of life natural the in to the people young ? in , a small settlement not far of the city of lives .
To their 97 years is relatively young for what that these relocate .
, that says have 143 descendants , lives in a simple home of wood typical of whole the region the caucasus .
Ages in the soil , at of way unstinting a huge of butter .
Eight people live under a homeless , between them one of the children and a daughter of , both became in grandparents ago time .
Also of a on to another two children small .
In the kitchen prepare teaspoons for the invited , a teaspoons that serve in a affect classic with way .
The european of are white and are perfectly premises and under the headscarf behind two we of hair yellow dark that their son we which proud .
Always i i laundering the hair with milk , that never i has fallen and has had their colour .
&quot; not i used never a cosmetic &quot; , says .
The pension is enough for
Of always has – only what that was in their own farm : canned , potatoes and peas .
In whole my life not i gone never to to the buying to a supermarket .
Then we about of their husband , that was in the army .
What worst was the time of to the second war world .
However , all the to their put when the &quot; wanted father &quot; , , took the control of the situation .
This kind of propaganda sounds rare in their of a woman greater .
However , in azerbaijan the seems that federalist to the on mistreated of the nation , that at their country as a dictator , not known limits .
This remained in the power to 2003 , time in the gave the witnessed to their son ilham .
The least the people over of azerbaijan not know what that is the poverty .
Price 230 ( approximately the same amount in eur ) in concept of pension monthly , a amount with the can live well taking in account the situation here .
And perhaps the son of have reason : &quot; in our culture the over are very respected &quot; .
Live in a great family , are , receive all the care necessary and are happy .
As if this not outside reason enough for in with life many years ...
In the constitution lack the expression &quot; rights human &quot;
The revolution has their the cairo .
Demonstrations that vying between in the cairo are of clear the grossly division in the is desperately the country .
The future constitution , with the sharia as basis , is very controversial .
The president egyptian not pr in grand .
&quot; we overcome the transition .
And that happen is my responsibility , to the people and to god &quot; , said in the television public .
Their speech was at to all the people , on all to the coptic christians , the liberals , the muslims go and the secular .
All them , ragamuffin no to now in a confused opposition , have fear .
Fear of a theocracy to on the nile the grace of the powerful community muslim .
Such and as it mohammed , almost asking forgiveness , has had that withdrawn of way temporary the powers the court constitutional and further the you &quot; for power save the revolution &quot; .
However , not the egyptians not the world whole know very well what that draughtsman of 61 years with a title of phd orientates the university the southern of california to save really .
To deprived of their power to the judiciary ?
Of fact , the 234 articles , whose adoption has been forced a house assembly states 100 member corresponding islamists in a meeting quality of 15 hours of an , are truly worrying .
As in previous constitutions , in the draft also says that for on in the &quot; principles the right islamic &quot; .
But , what means that of &quot; principles &quot; ?
This was and still be open to the interpretation and seems that islamists will to take this vague he , so as the for of manoeuvre legal that has honour , for impose a interpretation more strict of the sharia .
This is the least what that suggests a new article added : in all the issues relating to the sharia is compulsory put to the university al-ashar , the institution islamic more important the country with a great power in all the uighurs .
Not has what be so , but this can mean that clergy monitored the legislation , something that - of fact - would as result the ’ of the judiciary .
Great part the draft of the constitution is open to the
What that also is problem is that to keep the jurisdiction military .
For the dictatorship of mubarak these courts which for as a hard repression on the opposition .
After the with the dictator to 11.000 civilians who as in prisons military .
Such and as for the draft , the state has of protect &quot; the real essence of the family egyptian &quot; and &quot; promote their moral and their values &quot; .
Is of a he so imprecise in terms legal that with the aid of this article the institutions state could even control the content of the understandable and the literature .
About clear not is of other thing that of censure .
True that no article for of way explicitly the equality between men and women .
In change another prohibits offend or punished the prophet mohammed and to their travelling .
However , not is clear what is a offend and how has of be sanctioned .
As of doubtful is the he that prohibits the &quot; offend to the people &quot;
Is enough a as the president or a joke on a ?
Question of interpretation , as many other things in the draft that has been tabled to for their signing and that according , their words , &quot; very soon &quot; will tabled to the egyptians for be subject to referendum .
&quot; the revolution has again &quot;
Ago weeks that opposition is closing queues with to the superiority of the islamists .
Ten billion people met in a unusual harmony in the later the friday in the place square the and to fail the minutes before of that can into in force .
&quot; the revolution has their and end defeating &quot; , says , that taken the third place in the lists to the elections presidential .
The peace of the peace and the agency international of energy atomic , supporting el-baradei , declared that draft of the constitution should be &quot; in the dustbin of the waste of the history &quot; .
To through of twitter was to the followers of of to lead a &quot; coup of state against the democracy &quot; .
&quot; when called the referendum reflect to their palacio and what &quot; , says the maracaibo akbar .
&quot; still not we tired , the blood of our muslim still not has been &quot; , from in the media egyptians the political maracaibo ali .
And several judges announced that not wanted monitor the referendum , what that not considered valid .
&quot; the koran is our constitution &quot;
Their part , the community muslim well organised was a call for so a ; if are not in the place square , but after a sentence the another on the nile , to the university of the cairo .
Many women covered with a entering and supporters of the were part in the same the out of : &quot; the people requires the implementation of the law level &quot; .
Demanded to &quot; must the country &quot; , the same time that : &quot; the koran is our constitution &quot; .
A fight the sovereignty of the symbolic place square , where started all , would caused a situation similar to the of a war civil .
Is clear that supporters of not wanted avail to that something so and .
The muslim muslims said that therefore the who the draft of the constitution as the supporters the same would expressed their views high and clear .
Now would come the time of to that people bore in the ballot what direction should to the country .
In this sense , seems that draft of the islamists has transaction the majority .
&quot; the expression &apos; rights human &apos; not even is &quot;
Were mazen is furious with this process constitutional forced that in reality should have disburse to february and have including to all the forces social .
This lawyer of 48 years specialises in rights human and president of the organisation egyptian of rights human ( ) for to the muslim muslims when who held in prison or had that to with to a trial for the dictatorship of mubarak .
Not because their ideology , but because for he the rights human are indivisible .
This reason was beat , condemned and imprisoned .
&quot; and now the expression human &apos; not even is in the new constitution &quot; , regrets in a conversation with the newspaper &quot; die am am &quot; .
The enlargement of the powers of to the three powers the state was that lawyer resign .
The measures taken are flagrant violations of the rules the at democratic and will to egypt to a new dictatorship .
&quot; in place of strengthen the society civil , what that has fact the president is &quot; , regrets .
But , the democracy not can function the organisations of the society civil .
Feel abandoned , also the community international , the which is the fight ideological that is taking place to on the nile with a of curious and tension .
This could them in their against .
A in the place square on : &quot; you a monster that not control &quot; .
The norwegian : the fish more hidden the world ?
The five million of inhabitants of norway enjoy of one of the over levels of life , not only of europe but the world .
Is possible that success the country besides any relationship with their eagerly a fish extremely hidden ?
Should a series of fruits unduly .
In a of a mountain of clothes of football laundry and dirty .
There a week .
Will then nostrils the sluggish wake a of the of norway .
I i in the small city of , to a three hours of oslo .
Is snowed . the landscape is witnessed and that smell , always present , fleet in the air .
The is in herrings that is in water for , on of what hidden that you what one , to a year .
To measure that and is doing more cold , the no who in at to a festival that is here , in , into to this of what more , so say , .
&quot; eaten oil and then a glass of bootleg of a bitter &quot; , says , a of the city that is also what that known as the &quot; general the &quot; , that for of organise the festival .
All both we people eating this fish that have in small buckets and wearing of a bitter important quantities of the drink .
&quot; to some people them like more the bootleg that &quot; , says .
The drink can kill the smell .
Some pressed .
If you avoid overlook close of the nose , not is ; not is very different to a unitary of them that has way a few kilometres in bus .
The is a product that from of a time very different , in the poverty norway and in the , before of that existed the cooling , the fish bore for the autumn undeclared in water and salt in pour .
More later , in plenary winter , when already is well fermented , out and , obviously with the ways people because the alcohol , eaten .
Ago so only a generation , thousands of no were forced to leave their country in search of work , and emigrated mainly to states united .
Currently , the population is increasing quickly ; more the 13 % are immigrants , attracted the abundance of jobs of work , high wages and a completely system of services social .
A aware of inhabitants of sweden , the old contravention and to ago not too a more rich that norway , a to this country for work .
The as something important , a part essential , although quite hidden , the last of norway .
Is between the dishes more expensive that can buy .
But , of fact , all is expensive . a cane of beer or a crush you cost the admired of 10 ( $ 14 ) every one .
Norway not is by in the order the day of the news international and to the majority of no them like that so be .
Here the people still is little ready to use the name of therapy , the racist of extreme right that to shot and killed to 77 people , between the had men , women and children .
In their place , are the shootout as &quot; the basin the 22 of july &quot; .
To the no them costs great believe that in their calm country one of the their outside capable of commit such cruelty and murder .
After very of the wealth current of norway is the growth , since principles of the 70 , of a of the industries of oil and of gas more large the world .
&quot; but the oil not is the only reason the we is so well &quot; , says anna , our , while is happening explained of and that , with their long blonde and their surprising eyes blue , represents the image the welfare norwegian .
&quot; we , as you fine , people it &quot; .
Their english , as the of the majority of people in this country , is whiter .
&quot; not we like as , not we like the feeling &quot; .
Norway has managed their wealth oil with very caution ; all , are a small percentage the money from of this industry , invested in a fund special in benefit of the future generations .
While all the world money that not had for the years that to the crisis financial in all the world , norway remained the our well closed .
&quot; while we skiers in winter and to in summer , we pleased &quot; , says anna .
&quot; and feed &quot; , adds with a casual .
Am in the snow doing eu for feed something ; already i had enough .
Now a clones of strongest is doubt something different and quite that unable .
But the night , again that hidden fish .
The hotel in the i is one of the many local in the is a dinner of in the appearance vote the better fish , or perhaps the more being to test the hidden .
A television has provider in direct with a recommended that has and that is surrounded of dishes of .
Seems the of song .
&quot; what are release points for the better fish there down in the mountains , thor-juergen ? &quot;
&quot; here is our artistic , . &quot;
There laughter and .
A man you of the wheelchair , perhaps source the bootleg .
Or perhaps are the refuelling of all that fish .
Mexico : eight grandson faces to a hard
While the president incoming of mexico , eight grandson , for for take possession of their office , the correspondent of the bbc , bellamy , analysing the challenges to the facing the new president and the different expectations of their population .
The traffic in city of mexico is especially bad currently .
In a city that , in the best circumstances , already is of , has installed since the monday a encirclement of steel that short several of the roads main that have to the city and that is causing a chaos huge in the roads .
The aim , not however , not was prevent that workers so to to their place of work , but avoid that demonstrators so to the parliament .
The saturday , the new president of mexico , eight grandson , will the bandwidth presidential and will the management of the nation .
Faces to a task difficult .
Mexico has gone obtaining good results economic for the government outgoing of felipe calderón , but the country is undeclared in a war against the has claimed already a 60.000 lives in six years .
&quot; my government has the great compromise with the people mexican of reduce the violence &quot; , he the sr. grandson to principles of this week the president of states united , barack obama , in the clearance shenanigans .
&quot; i to propose a new strategy of security that we will achieve that aim &quot; .
Before of terms with the president of the ee.uu. , the experience policy prior the sr. was as governor of their state home , the of mexico .
A state very populated and with a quickly growth , that are the capital ; the views on the new leader are divided in this territory in the he held ! .
A man
In the city of valley the bravo , example , you reminds with will .
Their residents you some the merit the growth the tourism in the place and of the construction of infrastructure .
For to to the city can drive a of the new roads the sr. grandson , what that is a huge improvement compared with the roads and pictures of bumpy that were .
Also can see rachinel with their name in the entry of a modern and of a impressive museum exponential on the change climate .
&quot; we in that he successful to a change real and lasting &quot; , says their friend and ally political mor irreplaceable , member the party the sr. grandson , the .
&quot; particularly , in what that as to security and economy , we the interesting and real change that our country therefore needs &quot; .
After a period uninterrupted of 81 years in the power , the was vicente fox in the year 2000 .
The member accepts that , after 12 years outside the palacio presidential of the , within the party there many expectations regard to eight grandson .
This also the rating that opposition ago of lack of essence the new president .
&quot; is a man very honest , very committed and with a excellent vision the country .
Is a fantastic man of state and , above of all , is a person that know listen . &quot;
However , the another on the state that not is the impression that has very people on their former governor .
In , known also as city , the contrast with the streets of valley the bravo not could be greater .
Under stretches of motorway high is , in many ways , a suburb of the own city of mexico .
And the problems the yevgenyevka are also hard and urban .
To principles of this year asked the intervention of the military for that commit in the fight against the gangs of drugs that operating in the areas and the violence against the women is especially serious .
In a strong , on with to a waste of waste , have longer ruins in so only the two last years the bodies of dozens of women murdered .
More of 1.000 women were murdered in the state of mexico while the sr. grandson was the governor , a rate a more higher that of city juárez , unfortunately famous their violence and a place that is synonymous of murder of women innocent .
The critical the sr. grandson say , in the better of the cases , that not it address the problem the perpetrators while was in the office .
The more critical accusing to their administration of to the view blind .
In a home of concrete , typical the process area , has that to efforts for contain the tears while i shows photographs of their daughter away , order .
According the version official of the facts , suicide in 2010 .
However , their family believes that their couple the killed .
&quot; when i to their home , seemed as if you would rolls the body &quot; , reminds the madam .
&quot; had signs of that had been severe and the rigour already had appeared &quot; .
While their mother tracing the history , a was of is since the walls , with to a cross in the reads a only word : justice .
However , that is exactly what that family says that you has denied .
&quot; the authorities the state i have treaty as if outside a old , a .
What that want is that one simply accept what that them say and that street &quot; .
&quot; but that not can be so when have there many irregularities and so negligence &quot; , says .
The bandwidth presidential that president grandson will the saturday will accompanied of a huge responsibility .
Tens of thousands of families have seen affected crimes violent in mexico for the last six years and the new president has promised them priority for their mandate .
&quot; hope that be the same kind of president that was when was governor &quot; , says the member the in valley the bravo .
However , that is exactly what that families of the victims of city more fear .
Manning manning not deplored bad abuse , according claim the
The tax are of to with to the complaints of abuses of manning manning for their stay in
The trial on in the period of manning in the prison military of in virginia
The defence to that hand the case desire in that imprisonment of manning was
The bronze the army is accused of steal thousands of documents confidential .
The tax were of demonstrate the friday that bronze manning manning , accused of the greater apparent of information confidential in the history of the states united , lost multiple opportunities of denounce the bad abuse that now referendums that was while was under detention military .
For the interrogation that prosecutor was to manning in a view prior the trial in . , maryland , the tax commander honourable said that records of the visits week of official of the unit that manning received for nine months of detention in , prominent , not show no concession on the treatment that received .
The interrogation , that was to out for a view so to as of the request of the defence of that draftsman the case given that their indefinite had been hard and that already had course enough punishment , came a day after of that manning would hired that had thought in lives while was arrested .
The superiors of intelligence the army , he in june of 2010 , is accused of steal thousands of documents confidential while was of service in iraq .
More later , wikileaks published the material in internet .
Wikileaks not has confirmed never that manning outside the source of information .
In the view the friday , honourable revised with manning the forms that official vacuums after of the visits to manning for their arrest in the prison military of , where was imprisoned in regime of have solitary since july of 2010 to april 2011 .
The official would done questions to manning and note their answers .
When the friday honourable asked on the forms , manning interinstitutional that had described the treatment that you by the as &quot; excellent &quot; and the treatment received in the installations in general as &quot; very professional &quot; .
The forms not show no concession of bad abuse , to despite of that official filed to manning directly on the treatment that received , said honourable .
Manning replied that had expressed their concern on some issues and that official that you travels had about of these problems and you had signalled that was , but that them not was i of these issues in the registration .
&quot; go &apos; ozone &apos; ( after of have about of the problems ) but this not means necessarily that i not would mentioned no problem &quot; , said manning .
The judge , colonel the army , also asked to manning what not had denounced the treatment that received for the meeting that had place in january of 2011 with a council responsibility of at the intentions of suicide that had expressed in a form months before .
Manning replied that their intention for that meeting was the of obtain the reduction the regime of &quot; prevention of injury &quot; under the which was .
The military said that you had since under that been regime , that is a degree below the of surveillance possible suicide , for ensure their protection and the security of other people .
&quot; wanted that state greater pointless that i was well and ( wanted ) to of be under prevention of injury ... for power enjoy of what that , since my point of view , is a better quality of life &quot; , said manning .
Manning the thursday on their arrest in iraq and their it to kuwait , where was military for almost two months before of be made to the prison military on in the basis of the firepower in , prominent , in july of 2010 .
Said that had have lives in kuwait and that in a occasion lost the knowledge because the heat .
Said that fact of that not you allowed know what that you was happening or what that was in the world foreign was very distressing .
&quot; my world reduced so only the camp , to that reported &quot; , he manning the thursday .
&quot; i that was to die in that reported &quot; .
Manning said a time made to , was the majority of the days in a small cell , the least for 21 hours and to often for 23 hours , company .
Manning said that so only you did have a buffer , a been , a , something of clothes and their glasses .
He that he ! all the time , already that was ban ball or even for the day .
Manning said that always had a light from of outside at to their eyes while he .
Said that if the not could see the face when was the back the night , you they for that you to be the back .
The lawyer of manning presented in january of 2011 a complaint formal on the treatment that received manning .
Manning was made to the prison military of fort in kansas in april of 2011 .
The friday the judge asked to manning on a plea that had done in the statement the thursday , according the which , after be forced a night to ball he in their cell of , you forced for a were to remain of ordinary front of the and of other prisoners .
Manning had hired that never you had given the opportunity of up with the been for the were .
For the interrogation of the judge the friday , manning said that he the order that you was the should to we the been with the could have covered , but interinstitutional that nobody you had in that quit we .
Manning the thursday that you had forced to ball he the night previous to cause of a attempt demonstrate to a official that he not supposed a danger for same .
Manning said that you had said the official that could have used the of their clothes internal or their for grooming but that not what had fact .
Manning that night had withdrawn of their cell their clothes internal , their and their glasses .
Their lawyers have the hope of that judge have the least in account the experiences the happened for their stay in prison and radical drastically their ruling in case of that outside condemned in the council of war , that is to that start to principles the year that next .
The defence said that has to to that manning i guilty of crimes age and defend other accusations considered too exceptional .
Is to that view resume this end of week and expected that tax arguing that conditions of the detention were justified .
The pentagon has that manning was military with to the rules of implementation to all arrested that even under have custody in .
The charges against manning include cooperation with the enemy , to of way illegal the publication of information in internet , apparent of information of the defence national and theft of property or records public .
If is declared guilty of all the charges , could face to chain life .
My crisis of identity mexicano-estadounidense
Says that many were forced to leave mexico because to the lack of
The mexican tend to criticise to the were ; says that reminiscent to the mexican of those times
Appointing that mexicano-estadounidenses are trapped between two worlds .
In a recent journey to city of mexico , hardly had down the on and come to the area of has of immigration and already was completely confusing .
A notices did the way towards two on : a for &quot; mexican &quot; and other for &quot; foreign &quot; .
I was there a seconds be sure towards where should go .
The have grown in california central , for whole my life i have called &quot; mexican &quot; .
Is of ethnic , the same way in that my friends of right are to ourselves as &quot; irish &quot; or my friends of new york as to ourselves &quot; italian &quot; .
More later i decided &quot; mexicano-estadounidense &quot; .
But this was mexico .
And , in the homeland of my grandfather , the or the paragraphs not were necessary .
Simply was us .
I spanish . what enough well as for for a interview in this language .
But not have the level of vocabulary of a visitors and not can of my accent american .
So that i my passport us and i i in the eu of foreign .
Thought in at time of this week in the president elected of mexico , eight grandson , visited the home white for meet with the president obama .
In the agenda the day , as always that meet the leaders of these two countries , withdrew : immigration , drugs and trade .
Grandson was look about also the growth of the economy mexican , a of the reasons the in these at is so likely a mexican be in mexico as that unwanted to go to the states united .
To partner with states united and canada and create in america a bloc trade the lifestyle of the union european .
Also , grandson promised to fighting against the which of the drugs in mexico , although not was details .
For mexico , the relationship with the states united is difficult and is full of grudge .
Probably the majority of americans never remember of that in 1848 the states united invaded mexico and his to their leaders to yield the half of their territory to is of at .
But for the mexican , that think in centuries , not in minutes , the elements that what reminiscent are all parties .
So that , in the time in a official of the states united says any thing that such the more minimum criticism to mexico , you to hear complaints , therefore in the press as between the elite mexican , on how the americans are the sovereignty of their neighbours .
And the children of are in ordinary of war .
And still so , for mexico , the relationship that really is all a challenge is the have with the more of 35 million of mexicano-estadounidenses that live in the states united .
We of grudge ?
There a .
In mexico there winners and losers , people for the country provided opportunities and other for the not is so .
The only reason the there many people of hungarians mexican living in cities as the angeles , the gambling , as , denver or st for is that , in some point of our tree , there a person , can that father or the mother or one of the grandparents , to the you closed the door of the opportunities in mexico and had that leave towards the north .
And the majority of the sometimes that person fit in a profile particular : fur whites , a level of studies under , from of a people poor , etc.
Us we their see and them we loyal .
To mexico not .
And , to despite of that perhaps we living now the dream american , the have gone to good schools and have had good jobs , not we lose never of view that what that we living is the dream american , and not the mexican .
Is possible that to sometimes our identity not is clear , but our bay that what is .
Is for the states united .
Also , we aware of that to many of the mexican lot to the elite of the class leader not them .
The sense is mutual .
We are as a reminder of a defeat humiliating and we who above the card as if about of a category than that not is what enough mexican .
Our spanish never will what enough good and our links with mexico never will what enough strong .
To their way of see , our existence is synonymous of failure .
If our families not would failed in mexico , not would gone .
And now not we be trapped after this significant of wrap , living well in the states united but , still so , as souls .
My woman , that born in guadalajara and wine legally to the states united when was a girl , i reminds that there this between the mexican and the mexicano-estadounidenses because the first know with more strength who are and to the seconds this them bother .
Although is citizens of the states united , she as part of the two countries .
While therefore , many mexicano-estadounidenses that know feel that not are part of none of the two .
We love listen the group mexican the tigers the north , but also to .
You what better of every country , but not with solid to none of them .
In mexico we are as americans .
And in the states united we as mexican .
Now , for more still more the things , what that i i have for my journey , some leaders mexican and some intellectuals want again to connecting with the diaspora .
Want that mexicano-estadounidenses work as &quot; ambassadors &quot; of mexico makeshift , been their interests in the states united .
Would to our colleagues americans what fantastic that is visiting that country and to the leaders political for that their links with mexico .
, clear ...
That not is to to .
There too grudge .
And , with the inequality of wages , the corruption rampant and the violence drugs , many of us not we so insurance of that be a country fantastic .
I fear that you sötét to be alone with this idea , friends .
Is fair .
If some mexican still not are prepared for pardon to the states united the way in the were to mexico ago a century and a , then have that accept the fact of that some mexicano-estadounidenses still are begrudgers how was to their family ago great least time .
.
Perhaps us more &quot; mexican &quot; of what that i .
This battles , new east
The high the ceasefire between israel and hamas well could be a basis little likely for the
Will have some day a peace lasting between arab and jews in east a ?
Another bloodletting of blood that seems indicate that any hope is in vain .
In a of the so and arise further on who began first , countless of buildings have been lower to rubble ; more of 140 palestinians , the majority of them civilians , and six israelis have been killed and , first time , rockets from of gaza have fallen close of tel tel , the scorning of israel , and the city holy of jerusalem .
But , to despite of that israelis and the palestinians seem be sections in their former conflict , all as them are in east a is changing .
The spring arab what has longer all fact dirty them whether or not , palestinians and israelis have been trapped in the mighty regional .
Perhaps this do that their fight be still more bloody that before .
However , there reasons for think that their lethal situation of point died could .
A war that not lose not
To first view , the optimism seems currently very difficult of justify .
Even if in the high the ceasefire agreed the 21 of november , the clashes of this week have reinforced to the hawks of both sides .
The leaders of hamas , the movement islamist that has centre gaza since 2007 , have have forced to the israelis to from , to despite of that gaza has received a good him .
And to despite of have killed to some of their leaders and trouble to pressure to the 1.7 million of inhabitants of gaza in one of the they more squalid and bound the planet , israel not has been end with hamas .
Of fact , hamas is gaining ground in bank , the other part of palestine currently ruled their implacable rival of fatah , the palestine more moderate .
Also , the leaders of hamas could to to the conclusion of that time is to their favour .
Given that islamists have gone gaining influence all the world arab , hamas has fact extra richest and powerful .
Turkey , a power regional that before had been the ally muslim more have to israel , has espoused the cause of hamas . also what has fact qatar , one of the states more rich and dynamic the gulf .
The member of hamas say that average order islamist is crusade israel , since the lebanon the north , where dominates the partido-milicia , happening syria , where the rebels of a trend every time more islamist could bring to criticises by , to to to jordan , where the allies of hamas are threatening the king .
On all in the with southern of israel , the growth of the muslim muslims targeted the president in egypt , with difference the more populated and fundamental of the countries arab , has changed the balance of the region .
Hosni mubarak , the despot guarding that period in egypt for 30 years to their fall in 2011 , not had too time for hamas .
In change , the muslim muslims are cousins muslim of hamas and their leaders on more of the opinion popular .
In future actions diplomatic , is possible that hamas could as leading the not can from , not even israel and the states united .
While therefore , the arrived hard of israel sorry the conclusion opposite .
In what that as the question military , have since to hamas in their website .
The system missiles of iron of israel has shown their effectively and many of the rockets of hamas have been destroyed .
The israelis more so ... for some time .
In as to the diplomacy , states united shows more firm that never ; many countries european also to hamas of have on the last wave of violence .
To all , israel has been . especially under the government of benjamin netanyahu , a first minister that has ignored this process of peace .
Although the rockets fired since gaza have over with the life of a 30 israelis since 2004 , israel not has had many terrorists suicide , in part thank to the barrier that brilliant bank , the main part of a territory aspiring to become in state of palestine , and it the settlements jews that are increasing to despite of that , according the legislation international , are illegal .
The sr. netanyahu , whose party fighters has uk to a group of a line still more hard by in the period become to the elections the 22 of january , is in a good position .
What to these palestinians thanking a state own ?
If really in bank , not rockets such and as have fact their compatriots in gaza ?
Is better ! after that wall and them a good coup if rose the head .
Perhaps will the arrived hard , although the spring arab could tamper their are .
Although the islamists that take the power in egypt and in other websites not have too hold to israel , their priority will address the difficulties internal .
The budget of defence of israel is greater that of their four neighbours arab together .
To a war with the superpower of the area hardly will to the new governments arab to improve their economies .
That may sr. has worked with barack obama for to the high the ceasefire is a good well and could usher the beginning of something .
Also the israelis should think to long term .
With the rest the world arab inventive more democratic , deprived to the palestinians of their right to the am is create a volcano a day in the territories occupied israel , of the same way that week constable a bus in tel tel .
The repression already is destroying the democracy in the state jewish and the demography worse the situation to measure that is the population arab .
The missions against gaza every two or three years for reject to hamas they a toll diplomatic every time greater .
Both sides need a right of people which the conflict .
The solution still being the people sensible of both sides , the majority the world foreign and this newspaper : two states and the afford of territory part of israel reasons of security .
The hope , small to short term , is that high the ceasefire given a little more of momentum to the people which that are fighting this cause .
Egypt , that must start to to curb to the entry of weapons in gaza , with with turkey and qatar , is in a situation unprecedented for to to hamas of that accept the idea of a state jewish based in the borders of 1967 , with exchanges of land and a jerusalem shared .
The arab spokesmen the issue also should pressure to hamas and fatah for that join .
That help more to the creation of a state palestinian that imminent attempt of obtain a category of state virtual in the un .
The sr. obama also has a important role in what that as to to to to israel to the table of negotiating .
For their first mandate translation it their own plan for the peace .
Of new in the home white , seems as of reluctant to unique their attention .
This attitude is a deplorable vision of future .
A east a stable is of vital interest for the states united .
This means a agreement of peace between israel and palestine .
The law of packaged nitrofurans of tobacco will in force in
Warnings on the risks of smoking and parties the body with diseases on packets of a microphone colour green , that are the same for all the trademark of
The law – in on of tobacco and packaged nitrofurans , europe in the world , will in force and replacing the which and the colours of the trademark a fobbed of a microphone green olive , a appalling images of parties the body with diseases and representations of children and babies people be children of parents smokers .
To exception of the various images and warnings health , the only difference between the packets , can since the saturday , are the names of the trademark , all them printed in a kind of source small .
Is the regime more narrower the world applied the packaged of tobacco .
The government federal of australia says that aim is could to the young of smoking by the elimination of the broad that do that habit have felons .
Responding in studies that shown that if a person not has started to smoking before of the 26 years , there a 99 % of for of that never what do .
&quot; can see that children , even since very early age , understand the message that company tobacco is trying sell to through of their mark &quot; , said the minister of health federal , , quote studies that aggressive , example , how the girls the logo of a crown with the idea of be a who .
To despite of that australia account with a of the rates of smokers more in the world and that these changes not will too to the profits of the multinationals , other countries are at take measures similar .
The industry tobacco has a pressure huge in against of the law .
The companies producers said that law enterprise the market black of tobacco , in the cigarette would more cheaper and more accessible .
&quot; the legislation comply serious consequences do &quot; , said ayr , of the british american tobacco , in australia .
Will the amount of tobacco that bring the counterfeiters of china and indonesia for marketplace in the streets of australia .
Other people say that their business has benefited after the adoption of the law .
Sandra has , of co , a small company family , said that demand of and covered of implants for loopholes the unpleasant images of the packets had ring almost since zero ago two months , when the british american tobacco , &apos; at imperial tobacco , philip morris and also tobacco lost a weakening to the law in the court supreme of australia .
The sra. has said that had sold to 6.000 units to establishments retail and that was waiting more stocks .
&quot; for us is a good business &quot; .
According the experts , the possible obstacle is the popularity of the networks social between the sector demographic the at the plan .
After a series of laws collecting that prohibit the advertising in the television and the sponsorship of sports and that on to the majority of sellers to not to the cigarette to the view , the marketing the tobacco has last to take in line .
Australia has ban the advertising in internet to companies and pages website local , but not can constrain in pages foreign .
&quot; if tobacco and so only you is this small window for promote your products , the space in line is the place more convincing in the be &quot; , said , it of health public of the university of sydney .
Observed a increase of packet on trademark from of &quot; citizens of to ordinary &quot; premises in pages website of networks social as youtube , twitter and facebook .
Is ask if is so only of a citizen private to who really you crazy the cigarettes and has taken the trouble of to a video or if any company of marketing is behind of all this .
The british american tobacco of australia pressed that industry on more in what that means the regulation new that in the marketing .
The industry has come even to pay for that ukraine , honduras and the republic dominican the new rules ; these countries are saying to the organisation world the trade that is restrictive the trade unfairly , to despite of that none of these countries has a volume of trade significant with australia .
Is likely that wto dictate a resolution to in of 2013 .
Said that government had had discussions with other countries that are at apply laws similar in on of packaged of tobacco .
In the year 2001 canada became in the first country that introduced the mandatory of include images in the packets .
Currently are can in more of 40 countries , between the are brazil , turkey and ukraine .
In great britain , new zealand , africa and india is at apply laws more tough .
In australia many smokers show harsh .
&quot; the photographs not i affect .
Simply not them i case &quot; .
&quot; the and guards the package &quot; , says messmer the while buying a package with the image of a by in the their .
&quot; sincerely , only there a reason the cease of smoking : my daughter . &quot;
James , workforce the king of the pack in the centre of sydney , that packets uniform do that you it more complicated getting in the shelves .
&quot; normally de a time in a over ; now four &quot; , says .
&quot; the government should have ban completely the tobacco and then , already is , is , over and they the shop &quot; , says while comments the hands towards down .
In a world constantly provider , not is so dull a
For the testing the day of action of thank of this year , of way unexpectedly had that to five hours in a airport because the air in the was a problem engineering and had that wait to that would another air .
So that had great time for think in the platitude .
Not you i to lie .
A day in a airport waiting to that it a flight is quite boring , even if you media for be have , as books , weeklies or , ignore of the shops duty-free .
But every time there more academic and experts in development child that praising the blessings the platitude .
According them , is well that , therefore us as our children , we of time in when .
Dull forced the which to to options interesting and can that encourage the creativity .
Given that , currently , the majority of us we connected to this or to that screen , not we the profits that provided the platitude .
So that , should accept of good mind the platitude ?
.
And not .
But , already we of this more forward .
In first place , the as that very people , supposed that , now that have of more time for the leisure , the platitude would a phenomenon relatively recent .
But , such and as says peter , professor of history greek and roman of the university of calgary , in canada , and author the book &quot; : to writings &quot; ( &quot; the platitude , a history encouraged &quot; ) published in 2011 university reporter , not is so .
&quot; of fact , the history the platitude is very can &quot; , says .
In the walls of there in latin on the platitude that dating the century i d.c.
Also we ourselves how define the platitude .
&quot; the problem is that already has defined and discussed of very various ways &quot; , that john d. , professor of of the university of york in , canada .
After at the research premises and raise the idea to a group of discussion have 100 people , the professor and their colleagues defined the platitude as the experience of &quot; desired , but not power , participate in a activity that you full &quot; .
Says that difference between the platitude and the apathy is that person not ago something but to do .
Out that with the apathy not there the wish of to something .
The experience main the platitude , says , is &quot; the at the process of attention , associated to a under state of mind and to that of that time is slowly &quot; .
The platitude can sound turmoil be to the depression .
However , the professor says that , although they be related , the people that are inhuman tend to see the problem as a question the environment or the world , while that people that are exceptions they that problem what have them .
To sometimes we that we boring , when what that we is in reality is that we problems for our .
In their study &quot; the : in of &quot; , published in the edition of september of the magazine as meat , the professor and their colleagues were to a experiment previous in the participants a cut of a person that saturation the article of a magazine .
Some groups heed in the room neighbouring a programme of television to all volume that not bore no relationship , other what heed with the volume under , of way that hardly was noticeable , while that third group not listened the audio in no time .
The group that listened the programme with the volume under was more platitude that other two groups ; them cost focus , but not were insurance of what and what inflow the platitude .
&quot; when in a task difficult or interesting , the at of the attention can to the platitude &quot; , pressed mark j. , professor of of the university of , in , and one of the authors the study .
&quot; another on , when with doing something boring , as detect parts unprepared in a line of manufacture , a music that you you can help to not &quot; .
&quot; of fact , currently we that ! or to , actions that to often are as sign of platitude , can in reality help to combat , already that do that person is physically more vigilant &quot; .
&quot; the research shown that those children to the them allows ! about more and observation more information that those to the them forced to be static &quot; , says the professor .
All we what that is dull in some time : the delay of a air , a speaker spin , a film especially uninspiring .
But some people have more trend to dull that other .
For help to , some researchers proceeded in the years 80 a &quot; at of trend the platitude &quot; .
The at includes issues as &quot; many of the things that have that to are repetitive and &quot; and &quot; there many things that i interested that not have time of do all &quot; .
Instigation , professor of of the university of west florida , says that , being these regional , the researchers have discovered that boys have more trend to dull more to often that girls , and specifically need more stipulation external and more diverse .
But , in general , the adolescents are a kind of group that boring with quite easily .
In 1991 , , professor of development human and community of the university of illinois , was to out a experiment in the disposal in contact with 400 adolescents and with their parents between seven and eight sometimes the day by a search .
Found that 32 cent of the adolescents said that while was in the school or doing the duties , while that 23 cent said that when not was in the school .
Another on , the 3 cent of the parents were that .
The professor said that not was if the rates of platitude current , 21 years after , would with or lower .
But said that what that was was that &quot; the adolescence is a period in the platitude high their correctness more high &quot; , in great part because to that therefore to the children as to the adolescents not them a great control on what that want to .
So that , back to my question the principle : is good dull ?
To sometimes not what is , already that , taken the extreme , can to that we exposing to risks physical absurd , as to betting or we in the consumption of substances as method for combat , such and as shown the research .
Another on , many scholarship and writers speak of the connection between the platitude and the creativity , according says the professor , that has state at this question for more of two decades .
&quot; the platitude is the way that has the which of word that we be doing other thing &quot; , says fringes , professor of of the university of new york .
But the which not always know what is what more appropriate .
If with boring and you that energy for play the or cooking , that you satisfy .
But if you the television , is possible that you who to short term , but not to long term .
&quot; so that , if your son is boring and you give a ipad , is possible that already not , but not will learned to hands same or to &quot; , says the professor .
And &quot; that capacity of applies to other situations &quot; , out .
Your son not only learns to hands only , but that learns to unchecked better in other areas .
Not i that really want i the platitude .
But not should be too critical with he .
Our aim should be , more well , the of be favourable paragraphs the rumour constant of the activities and the technologies .
The professor is of agreement .
&quot; to our way of see , need more , but the platitude is a wish too distressing and disturbing as for linked with something that deserves the it &quot; , says .
Out that what that people really search is a way of switch and of enjoy of a time died .
&quot; in a environment in the we constantly &quot; , says , &quot; is difficult find forms of focus our attention when the noise by &quot; .
Mistreated : book of instructions for the new law on the consumption of
Froude , student of 19 years in a institute community and exalting the asia of mistreated , faces to a process criminal something that soon will legal in all the state : the possession of a stones of marijuana and a pipe that his for .
Says a day of september , he and some friends huge , in the plains registrars to the border of kansas , when the stopped the police .
The police found marijuana in the car and a time after received a summons legal possession of drugs and articles related ( crimes age that threat every one a fined of 100 dollars americans ) in the you detectives of the date the trial .
&quot; we are as to criminal &quot; , says .
And what are ?
In the weeks of uncertainty following to the vote that had place in mistreated for the legalisation of the possession of small quantities of marijuana for use hand , the answer in hundreds of causes age possession of drugs on least of the law that of the location .
Hundreds of crimes age possession of marijuana are overwritten therefore here as in the state of washington , where adopted a measure similar .
The departments of police have longer of it charges against the over of 21 years possession to small at , that will legally a time the law has entered in force in the next weeks .
But the tax of districts more conservatives of mistreated have committed to to forward with the cases open possession of marijuana and still are quote to people .
The same time , several cities , since the suburbs of denver to the mountains western , are voting for prevent that open shops of marijuana , you recently , in their communities .
&quot; all this is changing so quickly that not know what will what next &quot; , said daniel j. , head of police in , fair the of denver .
Who are of the there in the state of washington also are our around the issue .
And are for advice for establish a system of licences of production , manufacture , distribution and sale ; all this before of that it the date limit , the 1 of december of 2013 .
Say that , for well or for , mistreated is front of the majority of the states in as to the regulation the use of the marijuana , first with for and now for use hand .
&quot; mistreated at of a market more regulated , so that will a good on &quot; , says mr e. smith , spokesman of the commission of control the alcohol the state of washington .
But the sr. smith accepts that any place or system only can to suggestions on what that could work .
&quot; not there a real precedent that we as of model &quot; , says .
The law of washington , which i-502 , will in force the 6 of december , what that is also a year for the which between two waters , already that system of licences in that state still not will , but the possession will legal .
Also , there some issues mechanical sensitive that must resolved for that period , as the way of keep a balance between the demand the state of offer a &quot; access appropriate &quot; to the marijuana authoritative and their ban of to business of cannabis in a radio than to 300 metres of schools , parks , areas of at children or centres children .
&quot; in no place will more difficult bring a business of cannabis for that in the areas urban , especially in the area city of seattle &quot; , says ben , spokesman the centre for the cannabis legal , a group of research created recently .
The 21 of november , , the head of police of , sent a email electronic to their players of police in the them detectives of that tax of the city cease of prevail actions judicial one very possession of marijuana to people over of 21 years and of that police cease of it charges against these crimes &quot; with effect immediately &quot; .
The head of police said that them away of to to the regulation of the city that regulates the as of marijuana with for therapeutic and that begrudgers pursued to traffickers and sellers of drugs .
In the county of , in the north of mistreated , the tax the district , ken , represents a vision more strict .
After the vote , was that their office solitary pursued the cases of possession of marijuana , mainly for pressure to the consumers and that have to receive treatment .
Currently , 119 people face to charges possession of 56 grammes or least of marijuana , although many of them have other charges .
&quot; our office has the duty of prevail actions judicial against those one that in the time in that there were crime &quot; , said the sr. in a statement .
The answer has been difficult even in places as the county rural of table , where the voters rejected the initiative on the legalisation of the marijuana .
The police of grand , the greater city the county , already not quotation to adults possession of small quantities .
, fiscal the district the county , supported this decision , but also decided not underestimating none of the cases outstanding possession .
&quot; not i that is losing the time the to doing to the law to that changes &quot; , said .
To despite of that 55 cent of the voters supported the measure , never was that to the consumption of marijuana for use hand the within the government and the system legal outside to be easy .
The reactions at that arise all the state are of clear a marked ambivalence between the officials regard the great experiment using in this state .
&quot; is of a barrier cultural with the tax the district &quot; , says are , a lawyer of denver that represents to the accused possession of marijuana and that is spokesman local of the organisation national for the reform of the law on the marijuana .
&quot; have last therefore time moment to people to the courts that , in reality , still not can accept that be legal &quot; , said .
The be the first states that they the quantities small of marijuana of the same way that if outside alcohol , mistreated and washington prepare for become in the cases of test to level national in as to the legalisation of drugs .
While lawyers and officials the state have with a new border of sales legal , also expect finns receive indications the government federal , that still for the consideration of the sale and the as of marijuana as crimes federal .
The defenders of the legalisation of the marijuana have the hope of that department of justice i .
To despite of that have been some leading arrests of patients and sellers of marijuana for for therapeutic , the government federal has allowed in their majority that there business of sale of marijuana with these for in mistreated , washington and 16 states more .
&quot; although is likely that players integrates not doors from for boxes a exchange of drugs small , probably will averse to allow the functioning of shops regulated the state for the sale of marijuana for use hand , one in the new law &quot; , said a. , a of policy integrates of the administration of obama .
Several cities of mistreated not expect to that act the authorities federal .
Even before the day of the elections , some governments local number moratoriums on any shop new of marijuana , to despite of that will around of a year before of that who of them can open .
The week last , the city western of adopted a ban of six months and is likely that i the week that next .
&quot; not we put in a situation in the coexist to someone and then we a serious problem to level federal &quot; , he geldof nicholson , member the city .
&quot; our community voted in against of this amendment .
We at to favour of what that voted the community with to vote to favour of what that voted the state . &quot;
Arise many questions the regard .
: &quot; i plagued to down of oxford be a hunted &quot;
Not strikes to the it their points of view only
Not remember no time in my life in the not has state boggles in to a place in the university of oxford .
Therefore my father as my brother greater had state in the i supposed was the better place the world for learn , a symposium greek of the was contemporary that employee the two pillars of the civilisation : the thinking free and the tolerance .
However , to the two weeks of should my place in the college to end of the years 80 for welcome the career of history , already had fact the packed , what that triggered the first scandal of my life .
My father crumbled and retraced to our .
My friends were there .
The newspaper the said that i had abandoned because not that some colleagues of university maintained relations sexual in the room of the on .
The a. n. wilson announced that i had gone because i thrown to drinking in .
The truth was least funny .
Of there .
, , because had state put to a systematic harassment and intimidation .
Not because to my name , not the fact of that from of a school private .
I plagued a only reason , that in the cradle of the conciliation illustration was something to and barbaric : my father , the patriarch , was a striking advisory of margaret thatcher and i install the party conservative .
Perhaps ask to what next that now .
Well , several reports show a new generation of students of centre right is suffering a persecution similar .
The hatred institutionalised and growing towards the students the party conservative is such in oxford the week last , a group of them called the same level of equality of rights that have the homosexuals , the disabled and the minorities ethnic .
Member conservatives of the ( grouping of students of degree ) the corpus college claim that are &quot; to often seriously paragraphs , personally attacked and treaties as people not objected &quot; their ideas policies .
Want create a since in the committee of equality of opportunities of their school university for ensure of power express their views freely .
Their situation not was cyberspace a recent documentary of the bbc2 called &quot; wonderland : young , and as the &quot; ( the paradise : young , it and of right ) on the policy of the students and that presented to the tories as and bnp .
The student of master joe , gbagbo of the partnership the party conservative of the university of oxford ( ) , in a rolls-royce , wearing a suit silver and a bullfighting with the of silver .
In other universities , the students conservatives say that them is as &quot; them of turkish &quot; the introduction of rates of plate more higher .
Black , of 20 years and of of the partnership the party conservative of the university of damage , declared in a newspaper transcript that &quot; there a growing trend of left in the universities .
The people moderating that we as the club not so even &quot; .
Albert , of 21 years and student of history in corpus that presented the motion for a greater protection , says that environment is &quot; you &quot; , while that , of 19 years and president elected of the , says that attitude of the member of the towards the people that are of centre right has worsened .
&quot; this is a threat for the environment of debate intellectual , so as for the welfare of the member &quot; , says .
For my first weeks in oxford was more single that .
I in the university in september of 1986 , was a young of 18 years turmoil timid .
The hatred towards the party conservative was in their point more high .
The year previous , the university had voted can to margaret thatcher , former – , a title &quot; honorary cause &quot; after the cuts in the funding of the education higher .
The environment would fact horrifying of appalling to any stalinist .
Already for the first days of the week of welcome to the new it , when the new students know and know to the professors , received a shows of the bitterness that i than .
Thoroughly that professors not only the view blind to the rough that was of the it conservatives , but that involved in she of good earns .
The policy of the strike of the miners , the privatisation and the opposition the government to the sanctions against the apartheid in africa came to the rooms of wood the seminar .
The first that i be speak the english texts french the century centuries and i not was ready for what that wine to continuation .
&quot; violin &quot; , said the professor harry ( already died ) , &quot; favour , translates the first paragraph &quot; .
Not realised not a .
, a man with a face that seemed mass of , did well how who bad .
&quot; is that refuse to learn french or is that , simply , are thinks ? &quot; , asked .
The other it laughed .
I compared the eyes of the tears that was of contain .
&quot; you suggest that will to classes of french in their time free , always and when not is too occupied as people &quot; , .
Returned to my room as a soul in it .
That night i sat single to the time of the dinner in the university ; then felt this straight in the on .
Was a student of english of second year called james that presented as member of the .
&quot; know who you &quot; , i said politely .
&quot; i fear that so is as is the thing .
Mouths with who that be suspect of be hunted .
For me is very complicated , but know that your father is have to margaret thatcher , so that for you will still worst .
Many tories would newcomers very be labour &quot; .
More forward , in a lunches local , tried corbi hide .
Stressed in that not was of agreement with all what that said the sra. thatcher .
That trick s pointless .
A student of first year of philosophy , policies and economy that , paradoxically , had examined in , said : &quot; you daughter of a pig fascist .
With would &quot; .
Other students adopted that .
I became in the laundry .
&quot; how have relations sexual the tories ? &quot; , asked one .
&quot; are a him the one the another , not ? &quot;
I felt of the same way that should have sense the homosexuals before of the law liberal of the years 60 .
Could some day to a life normal in oxford ?
I be forced to be with people that advise as i only after the ?
Would that plenty labour and suppressed my trends natural ?
The three years that i were were as a purgatory of assumption and isolation .
The only professor openly hunted was sexual , professor of history contemporary aimed to my school university .
You be not only the party conservative , but also advisory of thatcher in policy foreign and a of the people that you go their speeches .
Hardly was there .
The place that what he parochial and it and their wet to the vision marxista-determinista of the history .
In 1997 accepted a university in the university of , in ankara , turkey .
&quot; here not you to be happy &quot; , i said .
I to visit daily of oxford to home of my parents in london , finding refuge in my family and friends of mentality city more open .
You i to my father that hated oxford and what .
Not i believed .
When he long there in the years 40 , deleting all the points of view political .
&quot; but if is the better place the world &quot; , said with sadness .
&quot; them never would that , not there between my dear needlestick of dream .
To my friends communist always had a attitude whiter &quot; .
Their eyes they to .
&quot; other opportunity .
Am sure of that what have fact only for .
I tipperary the heart if what . &quot;
Structural of many travel to london , my resistance emotional was deteriorating .
A friend mine , that also install the party conservative , had succumbed to the pressure and had renounced to their cultures .
The week next , for a seminar in the another professor of history had hinted , about completely in seriously , that i was a &quot; enemy the people &quot; , decided to what same .
Red of shame within , that my parents i had &quot; laundering the which &quot; and them notified &quot; old stupid &quot; .
The for little time .
Was my father who it the last coffin in the coffin of my career university in oxford .
At then my father illiterate two we week in the press of murdoch .
My door was closed with key .
I was within of fear and , automatic five minutes , my revival .
When were i the gdr and took the first train to london .
Never returned .
Perhaps i weak .
But no person of 18 years should be put to such level of intimidation and hostility in a institution amusing .
What that is still more tragic is that was oxford , that not only has have to 14 first ministers the party conservative but that , to day of today , behind after a ensure nothing vilnius of equality and freedom of thinking .
&quot; valentino prefer the elegance to the boost &quot;
With reason of the shows &quot; valentino : master of the remnant &quot; , that has decade this week in london , abc about with , thyssen-bornemisza and other famous the leather
Somerset not , former residence of i of england , is the only place in the capital british credible of welcome a statement on valentino .
The leather what has acknowledged for the opening of &quot; valentino : master of the remnant &quot; , a say that meets more of 130 overalls of high remnant created their &quot; &quot; for the last 50 years .
&quot; adore this palacio &quot; , says with their produced accent italian .
This shows is the marks of a history whose only leading is &quot; much much &quot; , but that not could have been written their almost .
Valentino always has sense fascination the and ago world of the nobles .
In the first room of this statement , open to the next 3 of march , there letters private and photos with the signing of what more those of the aristocracy , since the who khan to at , happening the who marie-chantal of greece and margarita of england .
Valentino teaches these memories personal as trophies of their rise social : of humble valentino of the city of , in the north of italy , to into of the &quot; jet-set &quot; international .
Be of the royalty not has nothing of bad .
&quot; the least them not go the of their on your splendid carpet as do some lovely bright of the music pop &quot; , says the baroness thyssen-bornemisza .
In the years 60 and 70 , both we in the alps and bear good friends .
Valentino is a host witnessed and busies with generosity and elegance .
&quot; to all we be invited to their was in &quot; , it the of &quot; &quot; thyssen , link of beauty forgotten as or .
Valentino always has have the elegance to the boost .
And still so , is a star .
, wearing a
The model argentina not at the charisma the valentino .
Ago many years , after of a belonging in realised , in rome , were to dinner to their out .
Distinguished twenty people , between the were sharon sexual and john as .
In every detail the out , the on , the food , the music , in all was and was their spirit .
&quot; to every one of the invited we was feel important and loved &quot; , reminds the &quot; boxes &quot; , that started to work with he for the week of high remnant of paris , in 1995 .
&quot; never is of fashionable because their designs are works of art &quot; , fifth .
Belonging of
The life of not is a history of , but of sentiments well reciprocated .
He him to the people with good education and best titles , and they to love to he .
A of the galleries of somerset not has been into in a passerelle of sixty metres of long that proposes a change of gender : the experienced the place of the models and must the passerelle for of to a &quot; hearing &quot; of dream that bust works masterpieces of valentino , as the clothing that was as for their so with aristotle , the used monica in &quot; the &quot; , or a coat of wool and fur that owned to the nasteh .
In that public of names as the of of luxembourg , von following , mette-marit of norway , of bulgaria or sofia of von .
And the valentino , in 2006
Many of these say that first valentino is as the first love , &quot; impossible of forget &quot; .
What remember perfectly .
Was a shorts , a jacket , a &quot; &quot; and a jacket of the now otoño-invierno 1971-1972 .
&quot; was a gift that i was he &quot; , says , a of the contemplation the leather .
&quot; what read to he above of other their female , their great love to the women , because our beauty &quot; , adds the former of annual .
I them a colours that used , have great light and are &quot; donors &quot; to the face .
The scale are perfect .
The who and of fashionable from premesse d &apos; can forget the first time that dressed a valentino .
When was girl and living in italy , dreamed with to to have the age and the occasion for power use one of their unbearable of night ...
Finally came the time to end of the years 90 .
My first clothing of valentino for use in a celebration in the castle of my face , the for of .
Was a suit red , with skirt of , &quot; &quot; and gardens word of honour .
&quot; was a dream fact reality &quot; , says the he of d &apos; .
&quot; valentino is indifferently to the fashionable , their obsession is what timeless &quot; , it this italian that lives between paris , new york and good buenos .
The who d &apos; have their overalls of celebration the valentino with &quot; the were care ... because a clothing not is only a clothing , also is the whole of memories that means &quot; .
The &quot; king &quot; of the
The great end of the statement of somerset not is the suit of fiancée of marie-chantal miller in their so with paul of greece in 1995 .
Did four months of work and 25 &quot; &quot; ( as is the valentino to their ) for up that suit of wrap colour place with sumptuous of xenophobic , twelve types of for different and a eu of four metres and a .
According the journalist overhead , have authority of the press specialised , at clothing represents a milestone of the high remnant of end the century which , &quot; the return of the of the high society &quot; .
For years with the &quot; savoir-être &quot; of the elite , now valentino is their better exemplary .
Realised great ( the distinction of more high they in italy ) , the , of l &apos; reception et , françois with the honour of honour , fiercer many disgrace as who of the unmarried of their .
&quot; always i has called the attention their refinement , their calm , their aspect and perfect &quot; , recognised d &apos; .
The last time that what i was ago a month in a dinner of by in the museum of commonwealth .
He was in the table of the rostopchine of , a great her mine .
&quot; was whiter , the time not is for he &quot; .
If what says a who ...
The profession more hard the world : the human of
Four eur , the volcano indonesian lives the life and the health postponed 70 double of sulphur to through of rhinelanders of
There people for the their work is a hell and other that , literally , working in the hell .
Is the case of , one of the 400 miners that earn the life exposing sulphur the volcano , the of the island indonesia of is .
For this , has that down every day to the fund of their , where the gas sulphur that from of the irreplaceable of the land the into in contact with the air .
After sluggish large ploughed of sulphur , that in total they to despite a 70 double , the supplementary in two baskets of that burden on their shoulders to through of rhinelanders of stone .
Are only 250 metres to the top the volcano , that increases to 2.386 metres of at , but the these take more of 40 minutes in run to step of snail , pioneering the balance and double with tentatively their steps for not and we the precipice .
Know that any am could disclosure the life , as you happened to a tourist french that ago years the .
The miners of earn 5 cents of euro every per of sulphur that
A time down , open step between the tourists that as if like overalls of circus and , postponed the indeed , making three kilometres to the balance a company mining has it a little more from , to 1.850 metres of all .
Is of pt , a company that exploited since 1960 the volcano and , never better said , to their workers , to the paid 662 indonesian ( 5 cents of euro ) every per of sulphur .
Then what sold 10.000 ( 83 cents of euro ) to the industry benzene , already that mineral is widespread in the life daily and used for to , fires artificial , cosmetics , archiving and to for used the sugar .
&quot; as what normal is should 70 double , we a 46.000 ( 3.8 eur ) in every journey &quot; , we , who is a three daily .
It three hours in every one and has curative , but you it pool 138.000 ( 11.5 eur ) the end the day .
Although seems a misery for so inhuman effort , is the three of what that calendar in the field .
&quot; the of the miners is very high here , where the harvest the coffee paid to 15.000 ( 1.2 eur ) the day and the wage a monthly is of two million of ( 167 eur ) &quot; , clarifies that before working as in the tourist island of bali .
There , their salary was of 75.000 ( 6.2 eur ) the day and the payments not was so hard , but has again with their family to , a people have the volcano , a reason of weight that , in indonesia , is so no as the sulphur : &quot; i educated with a young of bali , where are hindus , and the i brought to is for that become the islam &quot; .
Has asthma , reassured with difficulty , constantly and you so the eyes the gases
To their 27 years , has three the nerve in the , whose sulphur already has started to now bill despite to up the face with a blinkers and glasses special .
Has asthma , reassured with difficulty , constantly and you so the eyes the gases by that shame the volcano .
Is the price that must pay for to their dream .
&quot; working two years more because i open a shop or to spanish or french &quot; , equally in a english more that acceptable .
Punish the life , this young katiforis and intelligent could be on purposes , waiter or drive of a hotel , but in place of that ago the work of a we .
A foul mud of wood with other , comments every day to the two of the brave because the sulphur not is of sink of night , when their characteristic colour yellow grounds blue and which in a of the darkness .
Defiance the infringements , low the with a small to their hull , that he same has purchased with their money .
A 400 unpaid the baskets of sulphur on their shoulders since the fund the
To despite of their earn profits , the company mining not has the extraction the sulphur for save costs not except no equipment to that working their account and to therefore the weight .
Of fact , not even are part of the 30.000 ( 2.5 eur ) of merchants house that , with to the entry of 15.000 ( 1.2 eur ) , the guards of this park natural per to the tourists that who for filming the volcano and to their human .
&quot; this work is for the animals and not for the people &quot; , protest , a of 42 years that has in the three decades , since that he the school .
Capable of on to 110 double , will that working &quot; all what that can &quot; because needs the money for bringing to their three children , of between 18 and 10 years .
Not i will , a here because the volcano has been whole my
Although the sulphur burning the throats and the eyes when the wind time of my and caught to the miners in the we that are the volcano , are so hard that none complaint of have diseases serious ... more beyond , clear is , of their arise problems respiratory , , other in the knees and s in the shoulders , that have the weight of the baskets .
The on their on , already only can should 50 double to their 53 years .
Every day , he and their colleagues start 15 tonnes of sulphur the volcano , that three lorry moved the we of , to 18 kilometres of distance a way of goats between the baby .
&quot; not i will , a here because the volcano has been whole my life &quot; , civilized will well the their , where you several european .
Of their five children , the greater , of 30 years , also working postponed sulphur .
The time is , but the misery essentially of generation in generation one of the qualifications more hard the world : the do the human the .
Singapore search babies for save the
The blaming to the career , the stress and the costs of the properties and the education not have children .
&quot; the population of singapore needs grow &quot; .
Am a husband murdering , you my wife , ! do with our duty civic and we life
Can appear be that these idly are part of a announcement of tablets of , but to despite of that - or perhaps because to that - the webstreaming the in youtube in singapore to principles of this year .
The sentences are part of a rap that used no local as &quot; we to to a ( ) in the oven &quot; for laughing of the rate of birth of singapore .
The company of advertising that was the webstreaming , , thailand the hope of that with the announcement forgetting draw the attention on the problem of a way funny .
Their director creative , hamilton , says that wanted use the power of the music for that people ! with &quot; their duty national &quot; .
This is something purely of internet , so that had that do fun and funny .
Is the greater problem in this country .
We the worst the world in to us ourselves , so that we that was a issue that we that address .
Knew that government had tried many things , as launch perfumes with or organise of from carriers ( speed-dating ) .
Many of these ideas can have been creative , but not necessarily worked .
So that we , what not we what more creative possible for right this problem , that is put a rap ?
1.2
The not what the so to the is the government of singapore .
Spent $ 1.300 the year in policies for encourage to the citizens to have more children .
A package the government for marriages and parents make to 15.000 dollars child , or the licences leave and spread profits tax .
But all this has had little effect .
Singapore is a city state rich and of high technology in the asia of asia , also known the conservatism of their leaders and their needed controls social .
The rate of birth of singapore , of agreement with their division national of population , at currently in 1.2 children woman .
The last time that was above of 2 -conocida as rate of reposición- was in 1976 .
So that what the not have more children ?
So way , there of policies of marriage and family of the division national of population , says that is because to a &quot; better education &quot; and &quot; a range more wider of opportunities of career &quot; .
&quot; that you has allowed to the people have of a range more wider of options in terms of objectives of life and priorities , more beyond of marriage and be a family &quot; , it .
These changes in the rules social have contributed the increase of the , and to delay the marriage and the births , what that as result a in of the rate of birth in singapore .
While therefore , a policy of immigration eu is to increase drastically the immigration for to with to the in of the population has created umbrage between the population local .
In singapore there websites website where rife the xenophobia hardly disguised against many new immigrants , in particular the chinese , to the critics keep the wages netherlands and not integrated .
The increase of the immigration also is seen as a of the reasons the year last the party of government of singapore chilling their worst result electoral since the independence .
Since the elections has there a attempt of right the problem , with the quotas and taxes more higher for the workers foreign .
Consequences
While that fall in the rate of birth has effects known in the growth economic of a nation , the income tax , the costs health and the policies of immigration , the example of singapore also is taking some consequences some .
The government is that not built many houses small .
Example , has started to affect the sector estate .
The authority of development urban has last to control the number of over small , known as &quot; box of shoes &quot; , that they build in certain areas of the city .
These over have land of 46 metres square and have had a success of sales .
However , there concern of that they promote a lifestyle of life of and to the developers that want build houses large , family .
But lee soon , director general of the company buildings the , says that their &quot; boxes of shoes &quot; sold a more quickly that units more large .
Are more popular , in the sense of that units exhausted days , even weeks , more quickly that units of greater size .
This ago that be a better for our flow of box .
However , accepts that new rules are guidelines more clear for the developers , to the before them disposal snags if wanted offer too units small in a project .
Too
Singapore is a city state .
If well these new rules can be a step towards the increase of the rate of birth national , the about with the working in the district financial the centre prompt that not will to have a effect .
&quot; the people is very marge , the houses are sides and also what is the education , what that many people what are they &quot; , says a young executive .
Other people can have children .
&quot; but for me is important have with my own money and time &quot; , says another young of a 20 years .
Men and women mention their career , the stress and the costs of the properties and of the education as the for that them from have children .
So that government involved of force to their citizens to have children , when is of to babies , the are who have the last word .
What private found found is private as
Privacy .
Of agreement with the – of the real academy spanish is of the quality of private or &quot; the area of the life private that has right to protect of any intrusion &quot; .
What is private for a will of 16 years ?
How applies this definition in their life daily and in the networks social ?
Understand the dangers to the is which in internet situations that surely not be outside of line ?
Malashenko to five boys of between ten and 15 years , users frequent of the network .
In four of the cases , the term to &quot; something very mine &quot; , in the level personal , and &quot; in the key and name the user &quot; , when what applied to networks social .
&quot; my secret more profound not the going to a ex &quot; , says borg , of ten years , when is explain the meaning of private in websites as facebook , twitter , hotmail and windows live , where has accounts since ago two years .
&quot; are secret very secret , my you can it , but not all the world &quot; , says .
In images fine or of games .
Also i with my known .
&quot; not be a photograph that not be my , or of someone that is doing the ourselves &quot; , says .
The child recognised that is publish photographs , of people naked , of crimes or write comments humiliating or violent .
Borg will know to the 35 friends that has in and to their nine followers in twitter .
The majority are kith .
The mother is including , has the key of a of the accounts .
Twitter for case and write interesting .
&quot; not know if i , i only the &quot; , adds .
&quot; the networks social are humorous , can about with kith distant or with my friends of way fast &quot; , that .
Not doubt in answer that never accept a request of a person unknown .
Not you would case to someone that you recognise to a strange .
The case of josé , of 14 years , is different .
The girl has accounts open in hotmail , facebook , circumspect switzerland and ask , in this last accepts not know to 20 of the people in their list of friends .
&quot; not i frightens , because we something in common , the music example &quot; , that .
According the child , none you has hinted not you has asked the direction of their home or their number of telephone .
&quot; if i or i what simply the together of my account &quot; , recognised .
José was he of ask , then of read a recommendation in twitter .
The child not you are which the experiences of what that today known as .
To a known of a my her what were in a network social .
What it and you demanded money .
&quot; never it who was &quot; , will .
The victim , according josé , not closed the account .
&quot; only you it privacy &quot; .
Then it a series of steps for assess the account of way safe .
To difference of borg , this saddened going photos of known in situations uncomfortable or putting .
What would , if i you or you have wish .
&quot; although know that is &quot; , says .
Questions
, masterpiece of english and graduate in education and learning , as that for guide to the children and to the adolescents must should that purpose of the networks social is inform .
&quot; internet about as a for to information , but with the of these websites changed the rules the at &quot; , mentions .
Out that academic bef , degree in the university of and author of the labour native and immigrants digital , coined these terms for explain the phenomenon .
The native digital are them , the children and young that born with the technology .
&quot; us we the immigrants digital that we that taught to them , when still we to &quot; , says .
Observing that issue is complex , &quot; because them we asking that have a criterion defined on what be or not salvage , publish or say to a age that expression not for that &quot; .
&quot; also that are was when what that more them care is be popular , have thousands of friends think in the consequences &quot; , adds .
According the specialist , the way more effective of teach what is privacy to children and adolescents is to through of questions that do think .
&quot; tell that not what do not it &quot; , .
To continuation , lists some options : there things that not you to a strange , what what pensioner in internet ?
Or , you like that now a photograph of you as the of a friend ?
Know what that other are on you ?
When labels photos of testing , permit to the other people for ?
And a more , all need know what what with doing every time ?
Another point is them see that must act as found as what do found found .
Are the same rules .
&quot; one outside of internet it with respect , morality and other principles , as must be in the networks social &quot; , says .

In , professor university , professor of primary and danish education , observing that is essential that parents of family read to awareness the policies of the networks social .
The understand every one of the them have foundations strong for speak with their children on the implications of open a account in internet .
&quot; example , the age and what that is allowed share or publish &quot; , says .
Of agreement with in , is key remember to the children the lesson of &quot; not with strangers &quot; .
That summit of the unasur to public the statement of
The i summit presidential of the union of nations ( unasur ) brought today in peru that done public the statement of lima , chronicle a and on signed the seven authorised assistants .
Tried in repeatedly opportunities access the document signed in the i meeting ordinary of heads of state and of government of the unasur , but sources of and of presidency signal in a beginning that what would to limits after the completed , but after said that in some time will in the website the government peruvian .
The be consulted the text , signal that content had been which the president of peru , , for a brief statements to the press .
The access of the journalists to the information of the summit was restricted in all time .
For the working only was , in the room of press , the webstreaming audio of the house presidential with the message &quot; session private , audio restricted &quot; .
The little information that between the was from the for of press of some of the governments of the unasur assistants to the quotation , although not the peruvian .
The only document publicised for the working was the list of presidents assistants , what that caused the malaise of hundreds of journalists of various media national and international that protestors over data .
Subsequently , the presidency of peru sent a email electronic to the media with the &quot; statement end &quot; of the summit , but is the statement of , and not the document official that closed the summit .
In october last , peru was the host of the iii summit america the sur-países arab ( ) , and in that occasion , despite to be required threatened the press , not was the also call statement of lima a had announced .
In the website official of can spot that document was published the last tuesday .
In both from international , the authorities peruvian kla in that would systems of transmission policyholders for all the journalists but constrained the maximum the obtaining of information .
The summit brought also with the compromise whole of chile and peru of accept a failure of the court of the has that tiny a border between both countries .
The presidents of peru , , and of chile , sebastián piñera , met for the quotation regional and ratified that hinges the decision of the ( ) , that beginning the monday in the has to listen the rebut of both parties , in the process that lima presented against santiago .
&quot; and the ruling that it the differences that today day we moment to this court international &quot; , said , with to their couple chile .
&quot; chile has been , is and is to to being a country environmentally the right international , of the solution peaceful of the controversy , of the treaties and of the courts international &quot; , but piñera , and reinforced with a handshake of hands to , with to the flags of the two countries .
The confirmation of both presidents of that put to the happened then that colombia tskhinvali this week the pact of bogotá the had accepted must to the failures of that court international , then of a decision on limits seaports with nicaragua that was severely wrong .
The summit was with the of the presidents of brazil , dilma ; venezuela , hugo chávez ; bolivia , evo evo ; and argentina , cristina kirchner .
Paraguay , suspended of unasur since 2011 after the dismissal of their former president ferdinand lugo , not part of the quotation .
The president host , , was the responsibility of open the deliberations in the morning and close the summit , little after the at of lima .
The event surján the document end in the informed that adopted 16 agreements and set the lines of action for 31 projects between the countries transported a total of 17 billion million of dollars in investments .
Between the agreements adopted mentioned that countries of unasur ending &quot; steps important towards the target of a citizenship south for what that we extending the agreements on residence &quot; .
Informed that efficacy actions for improve &quot; the cooperation in the fight against the insecurity citizens and against the crime organised , actions for to more accessible the medicines , the access to internet to under price in all the they of america , and to of way jointly and efficient the risks of disasters natural &quot; .
With a europe in crisis , &quot; the consolidation economic ( of america latin ) not must have a parent but that must serve for further parent productive and see a better future for our peoples &quot; , but .
&quot; we decided attach a group of 31 projects flagship that will the connection of the areas of america the southern , especially in areas rural and of borders ... bringing to our countries and and new routes economic &quot; , said the president peruvian in a message read .
Between these projects , mentioned that five for to peru , and render in the central direct of their territory , since the at towards brazil , and two invite to a greater connection with ecuador , although not was over details .
Also , the document end mentioned the situation policy in paraguay .
&quot; we that process electoral in that country as for their them to the union of nations american &quot; , of the which is currently from .
The need of that america latin it as a region of prosperity and peace , integrated , and of good relations between neighbours , was another of the affairs emphasised the summit .
In this sense , the president of colombia , juan manuel holy , said before of to their participation in the quotation regional that than meet with their couple of nicaragua , daniel ortega , the saturday in mexico for try in way pursue the maritime after a failure of the , questioned bogotá .
&quot; the day of morning ( saturday ) is possible that have a i with the president daniel ortega &quot; , said holy .
&quot; we to review all these paths , not are exclusive , as the treaty with nicaragua is to require a conversation with nicaragua &quot; , it .
&quot; with the president ortega hope power tell that handle this of the way more elementary and pursue possible &quot; , added holy .
Holy and ortega found the saturday in mexico where have to attend to the of was the new president of that country , eight grandson .
Also , as part of the summit , the ministers of defence the bloc met a for approve the plan of action the year 2013 , that search strengthen the dialogue and the consensus in on of defence in the region .
Argentina , bolivia , colombia , ecuador , peru , brazil , statements , venezuela , chile , trinidad , surinam and paraguay expanding unasur , although the last country is suspended .
Peru has the presidency you the bloc regional .
&quot; must learn of europe for integrate a citizenship &quot; : raphael
The president of ecuador , raphael correa , said today that creation of a citizenship common is a target in the &quot; , in this case , must learn of europe &quot; .
Correa , that part in the i summit presidential of the union of nations ( unasur ) , held in lima , declared to the state tv peru that european &quot; killed in the second war world &quot; and in other conflicts , &quot; but now are virtually a homeland &quot; .
For , in that sense , the project of establish the citizenship that encouraged the countries member of the unasur .
&quot; there that to the free mobility of citizens and workers any country , as already happens with the those of the community andean , but still there sectors prince that we want restore the last &quot; , warned .
The president ecuadorean was , also , to favour of the up of the organisation of states americans ( aeo ) under the premise of down the influence of the states continental and have in account to the have signed the pact of st josé on the rights human .
The are university never themselves to nothing and , in change , us the what arrangement all .
&quot; is incomprehensible that commission which of rights human is in washington under the funding of states united &quot; , said in referring the asylum political given ecuador the founder of wikileaks , julian assange .
Correa was that not is of that decision because with this not has betrayed their principles , but that has respected their &quot; profound values democratic and of rights human &quot; .
But that , in their time , &quot; had olaf arrests of that assange outside extradited to a third country and not it their process &quot; .
Reputed , also , to the justice swedish observance that able in their territory the interrogation a alleged crime sexual when &quot; the own legislation swedish allows satisfy by video , that could to since the embassy of ecuador in london &quot; .
Correa said that there the risk of that deteriorate the health physical and mental of assange .
&quot; not i about with he since that is in our embassy , but the her i informed that had a small problem allegedly , nothing serious &quot; , said the event ecuadorean .
What that there is the danger of that deteriorate their health physical and mental be he in a space small power to exercises the air free .
&quot; that complicates the health of any person &quot; , but .
Correa pointed that solution the asylum orientates to assange since june in the embassy in london , by the granting of that you to travel to ecuador , is in hands of great britain , sweden and the authorities legal european and it that has there discussions with london in search of a solution the founder of wikileaks .
Us not negotiate with rights human , that word not the we in this case , but has there permanent discussions .
&quot; the solution of this problem is in hands of great britain , sweden and of the authorities legal european because the lawyer of assange , baltasar , is doing a series of procedures in different bodies european &quot; , mentioned .
And opinion that &quot; if great britain morning the convince this has &quot; .
And if sweden , as perfectly what allows their legislation and as has fact in other cases , the mr assange in the embassy of ecuador in london or what to skype morning same has this problem .
Correa availed for failure as a ombudsman of the freedom of press and that what that not does is &quot; the mediocrity , the bad faith and the lie , that weaken the freedom of expression &quot; .
&quot; the over enemies of the freedom of press not we the political villains and wicked but the bad journalists in role the profit , the blackmail and the extortion &quot; , said .
In that aspect welcomed that already not are these journalists &quot; not the bankers not the countries hegemonic and class the dominated to ecuador &quot; , and forward that of be his &quot; requests in the revolution for continue the way and the direction right &quot; .
Correa also supported the decision of keep the veto to paraguay in the unasur the least to their next elections , the further that agency &quot; must be firm and not tolerate the opportunism and the fraught of legality &quot; because in reality &quot; shall the legitimacy of the democracy &quot; .
The president ecuadorean was , also , &quot; perfectly relevant &quot; the wish of their counterpart response , juan manuel holy , of negotiate now with nicaragua the limits seaports between both countries after the failure of the court international of justice of the has , that influences to the sovereignty maritime .
The at not by that failure .
Is a problem between a country facilitates and one .
The conflicts are inevitable , but must be overcome the will of moving together .
There that them of way wider for resolved and to forward .
Also employee in a good conclusion the dispute limits seaports that are in the same court peru and chile and opinion that &quot; is right for america latin to bodies international if the two countries themselves to accept failure hard that be &quot; .
In reference to the possibility that present as candidate in the next elections presidential in ecuador for to a third mandate running pointed that is that possibility &quot; with a optimism and joy , although to sometimes is quite hard &quot; .
Correa was that if lose the at of february the 2013 will of the life public .
In what personal never i has interested the power , but in situations so upon as the of ecuador that poverty highlight only can right since the power political .
&quot; my movement believed that was i who defaults that likely victory , therefore we that accept that &quot; , said .
Of earn would my last period in the presidency and of there are of the life public .
If we as .
&quot; is a decision &quot; , said .
Correa he also the new treatment of health the president which hugo chávez in cuba .
Just of about with the of which claus and i says that was to a treatment that already was planned , of routine , that expectation that pass the campaign for again to cuba .
&quot; not means a he in the state of health the president chávez &quot; , a .
The head of state ecuadorean part today in lima in the i summit of heads of state and government of the union of nations ( unasur ) that brought with called to a greater integration regional for holding the progress , the equality and the security .
Deaths aids today are cause of detection
Had 21 years of age when you anticipated the result of the test : aids positive .
&quot; was as if i out a bomb &quot; , as the useful the time the announcement , that doctor he to &quot; more &quot; , success clear .
The child what kept to their family .
Decided done office only of their disease and started to needs on she ; with such as that already their birthday 43 .
Is , doubt , one of the patients more old of the unit of hiv the hospital civil of guadalajara ( ) , to the came in 1994 after of several battles .
Lives with the virus of the line human ( hiv ) since ago 22 years , something difficult of imagine to principles of the 90 , when had many doubt , few options of treatment and more stigma .
Then , to the director of a clinic the blackout of he &quot; because read a off &quot; .
Then , have aids was synonymous of death .
Now is possible survive to this syndrome and do with quality of life .
However , ignorant of their disease , still many people they when the virus already has caused havoc , &quot; reached &quot; their system immune and are victims of infections opportunistic .
To 31 years of the emergence the aids in the world , the least of the first cases reported , &quot; the great achievement means in this time that of a patient that as treatment in way have and the of the population general , is exactly as &quot; , pressed the head of the unit of hiv the , congratulate , after referring that information was therefore in april of this year in a publication scientific prestigious .
And expert in hiv / aids , that since the year 2008 , the scientists had completed that aids not was a ruling fatal , but the years of survival and the quality of life on the degree of relating the system immune that have the patients the to the diagnosis , with better expectation for who not are users of drugs : of to 30 years with a of 200 cd4 and of 50 years , when our 500 cd4 .
In words simple , what previous means that who a diagnosis of hiv positive to the 25 years of age , under these terms &quot; while it in control will live problems to the 75 years &quot; , he the interviewed .
For this progress , is remember that hope of life of the mexican today is of 76 years in average .
If well the mortality has down significantly in the last years , in the case of mexico , the number of people that die of aids bowed of 6.678 cases in 2007 to 4.862 in 2011 ( earlier annual of unaids ) , also is true that since the emergence the aids , 60 cent of the patients in the basis of data national have died .
Only in 255 people died in 2011 , and will 187 deaths to may of this year ; not however will that there access universal to the drugs opportunistic since 2005 .
- what still they deaths ?
- to me i seems that problem not is of access to treatment .
So what , so we has happened in our hospital .
The least in the last 12 years not we had of medicine the problem is that patients they very advanced because not their state of infection , or be , in stages late of the disease .
Was a fact no : &quot; nine of every ten patients they when already have any infection instrumental what that has that to for have a greater impact on the mortality global , is to verdicts more and , what therefore , have that offer evidence of detection of way mass , to all the people that what overnight &quot; .
In their proposal line specialists and officials the council state of prevention the aids in ( ) , also the own patients , as , who out to done the test to a laboratory particular , only drove because what had fact a friend and , despite to their short age , already was in stage of aids and even comment: of , a by cancerous that is a of the complications common .
All time when know that you aids .
Some think that will to die and not want know nothing .
&quot; if already i i to die , better i three sometimes to the week &quot; , say not in my case .
The change was for improve , i food well , i exercise , say the medicines .
To the date , their parents only know that comment: cancer .
Live a life normal , as who .
&quot; work , have many activities , i , have a life sexual active , but complicity , i undermine to me and to the other person &quot; , listed , who accepted share their privacy with millennium for motivate with their that to who today , in the framework the day world the aids , have fear .
That do the test , if had risk , that between more soon know if are hiv positive , is better and if already have the diagnosis , that learn that can live as any person , being responsible .
This , their message , sums the motto of battle the aids this 2012 .
Condoms after the
Large are the missed that there between the programmes of health and the citizen common , affirmed regil salazar , journalist who has taken the cause in about the hiv .
And the more large is in prevention .
In the places dedicated to this task &quot; indeed has increased the of condoms , before we by of one or two , now we are packages of to hundred , and that is very well but is that there who today , still , not have access to a prostitute &quot; , said .
Between the more vulnerable to new infections are the adolescents .
&quot; for what the your ? &quot; is question common , with plaything and trials of value of workers social , schoolchildren , employees of dispensing and personal of health , to the not want forward the adolescents , was the communicator .
Proposed order this ineffective the ; that condoms not are only after the desks and these hundred are in of bathing public of the websites that frequent the young .
Not is motivate the as .
Not is of paying the and the , as replied the governor gonzález , the ask if would the of condoms in their administration .
&quot; so not is the acceptance , what better is closer the condoms to who already profess a activity sexual &quot; , pointed .
He in
There 13.435 cases cumulative ( 12.158 of aids and 1.317 of hiv ) .
The state is 4 ° place national in cases new and cumulative of aids and 13 ° of hiv .
92 % of the as is to the to sexual , 6 % to the to protect and 2 % to the to disturbing .
Estimated that 50 billion people can be living with hiv already a case reported there of 4 to 5 people that not what know .
Resting a court of appeals of states united a ruling that unknown the restructuring of the debt the group vitro agreed to a law in mexico , the stage put a precedent harmful for any company national with apparatus in the neighbour country that have problems of solvency .
Would , because , that procedures in earn of survival of the signatures that it the laws mexican not are valid in the country of the bars and the stars , to of conventions international .
In the ground practical , the boost to the ruling issued the 15 of june last the judge of the court of for the district north of texas , is defenceless to the signatures mexican with to the possibility of however of their properties in capital the bravo .
However , the resolution you opens the door to the main manufacturer of glass in mexico for come to the court by of the states united , say three inconsistencies .
Of entry , while the judge of the cause out that creditors must regulated the law of bankruptcies of the states united , the court of appeals the fifth , with headquarters in new orleans , says that procedure main is the law söderman in mexico .
The first point costly unaware the cooperation prosecution international in cases of insolvency of companies with profile .
Of fact , towards that end was the law model of nations un for the sameness the right law international , constant as umpire the american the institute .
In second place , the ruling for that vote , recognised in the mass criticism the law the debts that they with their parent the will of vitro , not would achieved the majority required for approve the restructuring .
But , the possibility the recognise the laws mexican .
Of fact , the of vitro not has been the first case in that on the scheme .
There are average dozen of examples , between them and trade mexican , whose debts the institute federal of notice mercenary .
What true , also , is that recompensed the votes of the will , of all case the creditors of vitro that against this in the explained of states united , is say the funds &quot; &quot; as capital , convergence , international and liverpool were , not will achieved majority .
The vote would been of 45 cent against 37 .
The fact what asking the court of appeals .
Since another angle , this fault to vitro of the situation difficult that brigades to from the 2008 to lecture of the serious crisis economic that brigades states united , the country .
What soon , the signing of the family gonzález courts a appeal of embark to the own court of appeals for that vote it the plenary of this , is say the five officers , given that only voted three .
Of not bear this will the appeal of that requires the review the process part of a ultimately higher , in this case the by court of justice of the states united .
What serious the case is that court a document sent the government of mexico under the on of before before ( &quot; friend of the court &quot; ) , in the procedure followed vitro under the framework of the law of notice mercenary , by that with adhering to the conventions signed both countries for this with the chapter 15 of the law of of the states united .
More still , out that country to the principles of the commission of the nations un for the trade international , is say the rules by for cases transboundary of insolvency , an fairness for debtors and creditors .
Of two gangs : you hitting to vitro and you hitting the country .
Balance
For several months the complaints could in the table the unions of mexican of aviation against the of the company , , to who accused of administration false , the partnership trade of pilots already found the bottleneck of bottleneck .
The ultimately ms emperor villegas chávez has of it a demand criminal against the commission national bank and of values to who accused of with to the justice .
According the authority supervisory has denied systematically to to reports to the general of the republic on a operation so the his for from the prejudging f / 589 the bank , to name of mexican of aviation , 198 million of lightweights .
The resources would channelled to the buying of actions of the manager professional of hotels .
As you know , is the main shareholders of the chain of hotels .
The
At the end of week in a forum in the university the caribbean , a group of environmental national and foreign , academic , employers and member in general of the society civil number the creation of a with broader for against to the opening the chinese in cancún .
We about , as you know , of a significance centre of sale and distribution of face to mexico , central and the caribbean of products the country of the wall , with a area of housing the for employees of 150 companies .
Before the had achieved unifying to the governors of the area the from for against the monumental that consumed with part of areas protected and with the mother of all the against the industry .
Died the
The government a demand the senate for explain under what terms and circumstances the ambassador of mexico in japan signed the agreement trade , known their driver in english as minutes , of agreement the institute mexican of the property industrial the issue already happened the archive .
As you know , the action was despite to that own senate had the possibility the move of the freedom of expression in the networks social .
To long
In now of pay debts of long term affect the of short , the of housing is putting in the market certified 500 million of lightweights .
The emission is the first of four identical that offered pay interests every 28 days .
Stems
Integrated the companies , e-quálity and , leaders in technology of the information , has of been a consortium with reason social , whose aim will the market of services of the triangles of software of centre and america .
The investments in the on over the 1.5 billion of dollars .
Of &quot; &quot; on : &quot; the in has been my life &quot;
The in of &quot; &quot; on was more of 60 years concerned the sport the and , thank to he , was the world whole .
Few people in port puerto has a harvest mental of the history the in local so wider as the has of &quot; &quot; on .
And is that before of a eating acquiring what to a wheelchair of wheelchair in the 2008 , on was pawn in the sport more of 60 years , it as player of categories age , player the in higher national , helplessness and leader in the with the jeans of or president of the federation of in .
&quot; i i many in the in to through of my life , including several to the same time , as when was president the , workforce general the team national and president for the years 90 &quot; , reminded on for a visit of first time to their home in , where lies with , their faithful wife more of 50 years .
&quot; the in has been my life &quot; .
On not it the to that experienced .
The walls of their home , almost all with photos and that understands their wider very , so what point .
In the
Of all , the i with greater taught are the their step the jeans since in of the of the 50 as player to 1982 , when perform 15 years as or helplessness of the abolishing .
&quot; these were my best years , the more i because had the opportunity of be part of eight hockey of the jeans since 1967 , already it as helplessness , or leader .
Were many years of , including the five hockey since 1971 to 1975 .
And then i farewell with one in the 1981 , the year of debut of in the .
Of there in forward was office &quot; &quot; , that was a great administrator &quot; , pressed on .
Remember that had at here and was in the university of gun ( birmingham ) , i said : &quot; you have a player well strong , of 6 &quot; 7 &quot; of stature .
What your ? &quot;
And that was the principle of , one of the best players that has had port puerto .
Then recommended the from , that was and was one of our best competitions .
Remember that said that if you had given a championship to , help to bring another more .
The championship of the jeans with what , but already to the distance , therefore for 1988 already one of .
For that time would enjoy of their export and the of in the team national .
Remember when you we first time to states united for the in mexico of 1989 .
Then wine the world of 1990 , where we fourth place and was have been bronze of not be at umpire canadian that we was repeat the ground end second time , said on .
That group the world of 1990 is the better team national that paca seen ?
Is between the best , as that you won the in the hulten of 2004 .
But my bookmakers was the of the in cuba in 1991 , when we gold and you we a team of states united , that was quite similar the we won the bronze in the world .
At team not only to , , , choice valverde and &quot; &quot; ( ) , but that also had to ( javier ) &quot; &quot; columbus and james argues young , to the muslim a ( which and karadzic ) and to &quot; novel &quot; evo , that not had been be in the 90 because to a injury in the diktat .
A team that perhaps not was the better in terms of personal , but we was a medal of gold and a great joy was the 1995 in , argentina .
With players of role as &quot; &quot; , paul and a youth in alternative of the players suspended the we the of sea the silver , we gold against all the prospects .
What has been the better player of port puerto ?
Doubt any , that has been .
Their numbers to level of international are impressive .
Nobody in port puerto has by to that level as what was .
And that have their very in the different have that rugby .
Who has been the better leader ?
That is very difficult .
We had a very good that includes to july nettle , prime , emperor evo , from lively , marques .
Of the young , i like a work of shall .
What your greater achievement in the federation ?
Have been part of the was more glorious the team national between 1988 and 1995 and that to beginning of the 90 the had to 17 equipment in a season .
What you became to ?
There things that would wanted implement , as the regionalisation of the categories age .
Example , that boys of only in their area and only equipment of other they of the island in the national .
Now same the children travel and lives too of way unnecessary .
The least see the emerged of the certification and course for leaders , official of table and referees .
That i am .
What pensioner now ?
What more that i is listen music , see avert of the music of my time in youtube , to my grandchildren and of time in when go to games of in .
And clear , enjoy of the company of my wife , , that always has state me .
Dies the actor
, born the 21 of september of 1931 , in ( texas ) , was world famous their role central as john dennis , more known as &quot; j.r &quot; . , in the series of television &quot; dallas &quot; , in the as to a man of business unscrupulous , malicious and manipulative .
, whose role as the doublespeak acting of j.r. in the series &quot; dallas &quot; became in a symbol of the greed in the of 1980 , has died .
Had 81 years .
, that came this year as j.r. in a new season of &quot; dallas &quot; , died the friday the later because to complications of cancer , of agreement with a release of the family provided to the reporter reporter the warner . , home coli of &quot; dallas &quot; .
&quot; was of back in their her city home of dallas , been other time the role that more you he &quot; , said the family .
The family of and their friends more those were with he in dallas for the day of action of thank .
Its appoint , that sarkozy the role of their wife in the series original and in the sequel , was with when died in a hospital of dallas , said the jeremy of she , harvard .
You was joy to all the was .
Was creative , generous , fun , funny , coming and Żelazowa , and what great .
&quot; was a person original and lived the life the maximum &quot; , said appoint in a release .
To you diagnosed liver liver in 1992 and interinstitutional that had binge a for years .
In 1995 you angeles a by malignant in the liver and concluded to a transplantation .
Years before of &quot; dallas &quot; , was famous in the television as a kind decent in the agitation this &quot; i of &quot; , repeating the chain them of 1965 to 1970 .
In she the captain tony mandela , a astronaut whose life is altered when is to a attractive out , dissatisfaction , and the has to live with he to their home .
Was leading also of two that were little time the air , &quot; the demanding on &quot; ( them , 1971-72 ) and &quot; we &quot; ( abc , 1973 ) .
Their work in the cinema included papers well welcome the criticism in &quot; the group &quot; , &quot; harry and &quot; and &quot; &quot; .
But was their interpreted interpretation the abhorrent j.r. the was to to their maximum .
The series dramatic of the chain warner on the clan and other eventual in their about was the air of april of 1978 to may of 1991 .
The sentence promotional &quot; be j.r. ? &quot; , it for generate expectation in about to a episode plenary of emotion in the like of almost is murdered , resounding a speculation international and million of dollars in houses of betting .
Also helped to should to the series a record of hearing in that time .
When was revealed the answer in a chapter of november of 1980 , a average of 41 million of concert what and became to &quot; dallas &quot; in the second programme of entertainment more seen of the history , behind the end of &quot; &quot; in 1983 , that had 50 million of made .
Was the twin of j.r. , ( dissatisfaction mary ) who you rates .
J.r. the and then the was with of prostitute to less that outside of the city , but other also they for for .
Sarkozy to as a corrupt protects with a around : a and a husband that tried that their wife alcoholic , sue yuschenko ( its appoint ) , outside .
&quot; i know what that i in the of j.r &quot; . , said in 1988 .
Should say : &quot; here lies the honest citizen j.r. &quot; .
This is the only negotiated that lost .
Victory main , of the series original , reminded the friday to as someone &quot; huge , within and outside of the screen &quot; .
Is fantastic , and irreplaceable , for million of admirers in the world , and in the hearts of every one of us , that had the fortunately of us and it .
Ten episodes of the new edition of &quot; dallas &quot; were contracting ago a months with great success for the channel tnt .
Already had over the recording of five of the chapters for the second season and a sixth was in process , informed the chain .
Of immediately not there a statement of warner not of tnt on how the series the loss of .
Of fort , texas , was son of the actress and as mary martin , who works as &quot; south &quot; and &quot; peter bread &quot; .
Martin was still a girl when what had in 1931 for their marriage with the lawyer ben .
Fortunately in the scenarios theatrical of new york the principle of the of 1950 , and then was in the force airline of 1952 to 1956 in england .
While was there through to the young swedish theorin and married with she .
The couple had two children , and , and lived for long time in the city californian of , where they many bright .
In 2001 their transported &quot; &apos; : ( and ) such circumspect on &quot; .
&quot; not i nothing there that i meant that outside to to someone or of any way &quot; , said to press associated in at time .
After the transplantation of liver became in promoter of the donation of organs and as voluntary in a hospital for attend to the patients fearful .
&quot; the advise , them i value , i have with them when come for their , and after &quot; , pressed in 1996 .
Treatment of offer something of comfort , as &quot; not fisherwoman , will a little you a brief time , but will to be well &quot; .
Was also encountered against the habit of smoking and part in several campaigns .
Innovative course that waves the &quot; end the world &quot;
Every week , the students subjects as the war nuclear , the unaware , the virus and germs , and the warming global .
This six , when the professor in religion will decided offence a course on the end the world , was that had with a : the end of the &quot; long account &quot; the timetable , the 21 of december , the have clings many people as a test of that next the end the world .
But not had idea of what that you than in the next couple of months : the hurricane , a precipice tax that some have called &quot; &quot; and a growing conflict that involves to israel , the place where the theoretical christians the end of the times believe that will the apocalypse .
&quot; not i realised account of that was to be the six more apocalyptic that has there &quot; , said this week to the students of the university rutgers-camden ( new jersey ) .
If one analysing what that has state happening in the world today in day as if we to 30 days and up , this has been a period really good .
And remember that bad is good for those of mentality thereby .
And he not is only professor that offers courses on the &quot; end the world &quot; this six , in theory the last of the history .
In , the professor deputy simpson is running the course &quot; media , culture and the end the world &quot; .
Every week , the students subjects as the war nuclear , the unaware , the virus and germs , and the warming global .
&quot; we what these ideas rife with the time &quot; , said , and the way in that offered scenarios hypothetical that inform certain for human .
If the material nuclear you in hands of terrorists , example , could were a war .
This month the students study films with subjects and how compare with examples of the life real .
&quot; i treaty of inform to the students on what that is possible , likely , credible and impossible &quot; , said .
In the campus main of the university state of pennsylvania , the professor of history of america and their colleague , a teacher appended of history the art and , have fact team for offence a course , entitled only &quot; the end the world &quot; .
&quot; not &apos; 2012 &apos; for have always with the option of offence the course of new , in case of that world not an &quot; , said .
Despite to the &quot; imminent ruin &quot; , the students must to , generate projects and take examinations end .
In it , the examination end will taken in eve the apocalypse , what that not is to the students other option more that work &quot; to the same night in that is that world stops &quot; , said .
The courses were quite popular .
&quot; in two hours &quot; , said on their course for students with high average , that particularly with 35 students .
We messages email electronic for weeks and weeks before the beginning the six , of people that wondering if still had place .
The students , their part , they that course is one of the more interesting .
&quot; i is fascinating see what that do the people for one to same &quot; , said mr , a student of the career in religion and sociology of 23 years of , new jersey , in rutgers-camden .
And is that mentality thereby , secular or religious , is only question of comfort or of the lack the same .
, a student of the career of and , of 25 years , said have seen all the films flood .
&quot; never had heard on a class that could teach that &quot; , pressed .
What i .
But no student interviewed - and a least a professor - said believe in the date of uncertain the 21 of december .
&quot; our first project was on the prophecy and of certain way what &quot; , said , student of last year in , of 21 years and of west .
The maya never the end the world ; is so only a point key in the timetable , said .
But that there a breath thereby in the culture western , that back to several centuries , in that people react to the changes to their around already the end the world .
Internet has caused a on of these speculation .
&quot; in other both the people not think in this &quot; , said .
In mostly in the world of about english .
, a professor of religion of the university the orders courses in the year , replied quickly to the question of if was on some course on the &quot; end the world &quot; there .
&quot; the not involved in the end the world &quot; , wrote , implying a exception of a authority higher .
We a pardon the pope .
Was hold that to what long of the years has about of many days the trial end , and said that if not is nothing the 21 of december , &quot; the people will to think of immediately in the next date &quot; or to military that 21 of december is the beginning of a period of seven years the out of the which will the world .
Students and teachers are taking to the date .
Several said that think go to testing &quot; the end the world &quot; .
&quot; such time have to some friends for that we together &quot; , a ford , student of communications of 20 years .
