a strategy writings for way the be of writings
the leaders republicans derogation their policy for the need of fight against the fraud electoral .
now well , the centre writings as this last a myth and that that the fraud electoral is less among in the states united that the number of people that die to cause of the fall of a glimmer .
of fact , the lawyers republicans not have found more that 300 cases of fraud electoral in the states united in ten years .
a it is certain and these new provisions will adversely to the rate of participation .
in that sense , these measures writings in part the system democratic american .
the contrary of what that happens in canada , the states american are responsible of the organisation of the elections federal in the states united .
and in that same line a majority of the governments american us , to from of 2009 , new laws that result the process of alert or of vote .
this a has have after the elections of november of 2010 , that were the increase of 675 new representatives republicans in 26 states .
in result , for the year 2011 was 180 projects of law that rules the exercise the right of vote in 41 states .
the new laws election need that the voters should a document of identity with a picture , also of a proof of from american .
for other part , these laws get the periods of vote earlier , writings the right to join as involved in the day the that and resolutions their right the vote to the citizens with criminal criminal .
before of the elections of 2006 , no state american requirements that the voters us a document of identity with picture .
the state of writings was the first in writings .
the court supreme of the states united confirmed in 2008 the being of the law of writings .
for this , the authorities shortly lies to extend that practice to other states .
in the last years these authorities have supported projects of law in 34 states for force to the voters to present a document of identity with picture .
is important have in account that , the contrary of what that is in quebec , the citizens american not do of a document of identity universal , as the card of the security social .
of fact , a 11 % of the citizens american , is say , 21 million of people in age of vote , not have with no document of identity with picture has for a agency government of their state .
for another side , five million of new voters in 2012 lack of a document of identity with these characteristics .
but , to often , the it the document of identity required costs more of hundred usd .
with what which , the new restrictions affect of way much to the young , the minorities and the people with income netherlands .
in effect , a 25 % of writings , a 15 % of people that earn less of 35.000 usd the year , a 18 % of the citizens of more of 65 years and a 20 % of the voters of between 18 and 29 years not have with a document of identity with picture .
and still there more .
in many states the students , the voters that more vote to the candidates democrats , not can use the document of identity with picture has for their institution .
for other part , these same states individuals to the member of the find of fishing or of a that often vote to the parties republicans to use the documents issued for these find .
before of 2004 no state requirements the proof of from for vote .
had was the first state in present this requirement .
since 2011 , a dozen of states has adopted laws that need that the voters they that are citizens american .
these measures are , clearly , limit the vote writings .
seems be that two of every three voters writings support the party democratic .
for another side , the legislators republicans they in 2011 certain laws that writings the alert of voters the same day the that in eight states .
also , constrained the right of the people and the groups to create a service of aid to the voters that like join .
these restrictions have consequences .
for example , in the elections general of 2004 , the campaigns of alert of the voters contributed the registration of around of 10 million of citizens .
the measures taken since 2009 failed that the rate of alert of new voters be in 2010 in compared with the year 2006 .
also , the legislators republicans adopted laws in other five states that bill the reduction the period of vote for brought .
for example , in the elections of 2008 in heated , a 33 % of the voters that voted for brought were writings , while that these last not represented more that a 13 % of the voters the state .
in the case of the writings was exactly what same .
these not represent more that a 11 % of the voters , what that is to a 24 % of the citizens that vote for brought .
without embargo , the are , that represent a 76 % the electorate , not represent more that the 46 % of the citizens that vote for brought .
for of , the legislators democrats and their supporters have are would to the adoption of laws that ' the registration of voters .
in this sense , the real democrats have blocked several projects of law .
the ministry fiscal of the states united intervened for suspending the laws more vexed .
could , in part , limit the damage .
for example , so only 16 of 34 states adopted the law that requirements the presentation of a document of identity with picture .
without embargo , is undeniable that the new rules taken writings the exercise the right to vote in 2012 .
the critical democrats an the are partisan of the laws that have voted , already that is clear that with them is influence in the results of 2012 in the states key .
a report the centre writings of 2011 shows that the states that have adopted these laws represent 171 of the 270 votes necessary in the school electoral for achieve the presidency .
is too soon for is with this if these amendments legislative to at of system electoral will a impact significant in the results of the elections presidential of 2012 .
a it is certain and these new provisions will adversely to the rate of participation .
in this sense , the measures writings in part the system democratic american .
detection the cancer of prostate and done the test or not states ?
in effect , the test of such there , in times , results writings , with they results negative or even they results positive , after the that decided to for medical so .
is a reason more that enough for to doubt to the men , already provide of for , on if should done or not the tests of detection .
done the test or not ?
we asked council to two specialists .
in the studies made in the states united was a great rate of transmitted between the groups of shows , for what that is difficult interpret these data and to recommendations once .
for their part , the study european was certain difference of mortality between the patients that had made the detection and the that not .
the study , with a monitoring to the 12 years , showed also that there between the 30 and the 40 % of for of higher modern if not has made the test of detection .
i , for and , the test to from of the 50 years , or to from of the 40 years if your father has suffered cancer of prostate .
the men of origin writings have a rate of risk more high .
the key is take a good decision a time been the cancer .
there cancers including and other cancers that are writings .
is truly necessary achieve that the patient international the degree of risk of their cancer . he must offer all the options possible and not necessarily treat the cancers of prostate that not informed against the life to long the , in whose case must have more well for a surveillance active of the disease .
today in day many men to the that they has been a cancer not are treaties , since that said cancer not is aggressive or by a risk for their life .
in their place , they we a surveillance active of the disease and , if this made , they we a treatment .
writings every time with more often criteria precise for decide who should or not be treaty .
i that will the test in any case .
but is important that talk with their doctor for determining if must done the test or not .
writings has created , in cooperation with the society international of writings , a tool that to assess the cons and the cons the test of such .
can off this document ( for the at only in english , but will spending within of little ) in the next direction and writings and / / ca.movember.com / writings / mens-health / prostate-cancer-screening
prevent the writings
not , not there a mind miracle for prevent the cancer .
to despite of the progress of the research , the adoption of habits of life particularly still being the better way of reduce the risks of would the disease .
believe that if all the world writings well and writings what enough , could prevent a 30 % of the cancers .
&quot; if no natural , that rate rise , the less , the 50 % &quot; , highlights andré writings , spokesman of the society people against the cancer .
in change , measure that around the 10 % of the cancers are writings .
many other still being totally unaccountable .
for the society people against the cancer , the fight against the a still being a priority to despite of the in the number of smoking .
the tobacco is such with the 85 % of the cases the cancer of lung .
is , also , a factor of risk for other types of cancers .
it very the health of the people .
&quot; today for today , still there 1,5 million of smoking in quebec &quot; , declared the spokesman andré writings .
a this off and 10 years after of to of smoking , the risk of die of cancer reduces to the half .
the writings
the writings and the obesity help also the emergence of the disease , according the writings .
bureaucracy the risks of cancer of breast , of breast and of rectal , of writings , of writings and of human .
&quot; the research show that the practice regulate of activity physical for all the life protects against the cancer of breast &quot; , add .
the writings
the atomic recommends , also , limit the consumption of meat red .
in large quantities , they career the risks of would a cancer for .
the products of writings also must avoided .
the conservation of the meat for their writings , extent or herrings can to the training of substances carcinogenic .
&quot; can damaging the cell the atomic and a the development the cancer &quot; , we legal .
the writings
in the last years , several scientists have studied the links between the complex how and the cancer .
without embargo , for the at their research not are mrs .
writings the writings , the studies about of the vaccinations and are antithetical .
while that in one of they error a in of the risks of cancer of prostate , in another what that observed was , more well , a increase .
the effect of the vaccinations one in the cancer not has been determining with clearly .
for other part , M. writings by in the importance of about on the concerns and the criminal family of every one with their doctor .
&quot; to the test of detection not leads cancer . &quot;
the writings of writings in writings
the announcement the likely discovery the writings of writings 'no' a great commotion the summer last , and with reason .
believes , in effect , that this writings is is the mechanism for of the mass of all what that there in the it , nothing more and nothing less .
and what that is more , is of the writings whose existence predicted the model standard and our better or &quot; less bad &quot; explanation of the nature and the behaviour of the on , that still not has been levels writings .
but for the that not is totally clear that on of writings .
we without place to doubt that there a new writings and that seems much the writings of writings predicted for the model standard .
also , new data writings this week in a important congress of physical fact in kyoto seem confirmed that what is , although still are more data for be completely insurance .
of all ways , assume that is of writings , already that the for of right seem few . we of what is .
there , in this great world , a law that and see that means that two things not can found in the same place the same time .
not there way of infringing that rule and not what to too , because democratic worried damage .
although the physical of the particles be a world very complex , has shown that also in she there a law of these characteristics and the principle of exclusion of writings , that stipulates that two particles not can to the same space the same time if are in the same &quot; state writings &quot; ; a &quot; state &quot; that over , great way , of some of their characteristics .
the that eighteen the particles in two categories .
for a part we are with the good citizens leads writings , that as bien the principle of writings .
and for other are the writings , a how help of writings that not has respect for nothing , or the less not for this principle , what that means that can found in the same place and the same time .
according the page website the writings writings of the laboratories writings that , for true , is extraordinary , the writings into in two groups and the writings , of the that not we here , and the &quot; particles of force &quot; , for the that the large forces of the nature submits and with the which the writings of writings would of any way writings .
these writings , it stress here , not are the writings writings that we believe .
of fact , if by read this chronic , is thank to a writings extremely writings and the writings or the &quot; writings of light &quot; that it as &quot; bringing &quot; of the force waves .
in effect , when a writings with a burden power accelerates or change of direction , &quot; writings &quot; the camp writings in that be environment ; a little as when we a stone to a like .
in this &quot; critical &quot; born a caused waves ( of the light , of the infrared , of the composed , etc. ) , and this caused not is other it that a writings ; is say , one of the writings &quot; for of force &quot; .
camp more writings
happens what same with the writings of writings , with the difference of that is of another camp , the camp of writings , that needs be &quot; countryside &quot; for that this writings resulted .
now well , the camp of writings is it more stable that the camp writings . for process ago lack to to renewable extremely one , a little as if like of a like celebrated in the that so only a macroeconomic writings could would for the area .
for this ago lack a immense while of particles as the of the meteoric ( it the great writings of writings is a ring of 27 km of earth's waste ) for to such levels of energy .
the analogy with the camp writings is a new tool that is the relationship between the writings and the mass .
of fact , not all the particles or all the materials learned with the camp writings .
some , as the magnets , what they , but other not and a piece of role , for example , not will never for same next to the door of a fridge .
and of the same way , not all the particles learned with the camp of writings and the that what they have a mass , while that the rest ( how the writings , for true ) , not the have .
now well , what &quot; can give &quot; all these research ? , question the madam writings .
for the science , this of for foods the validity the model standard ( writings ) , and to , also , that the that writings the differences between the remarks and the predictions the writings .
for their part , many want would that are , because the a difference could open a door to a &quot; new physical &quot; that writings certain holes the model .
this , there that it , has still enormous shortcomings , as that not proposes explanation any on to the patient's ( it writings waste ) or to the on dark , that is around the 80 % of the on the it ( it another writings waste ) .
but not we found such differences in the meteoric to the at .
writings
the impact of these research in our day to day are difficult of predict , but not we that we let the say that not will no .
for that watch and to at of the years 60 , the pioneers the writings in the laboratories not writings in no the revolution that their work result .
writings the opposed scientific , but nothing more .
of fact , as already said the psychological writings writings , that worked in the laboratories writings , where invented the writings in 1960 , and that up the first writings an ( the first were writings ) in 1962 , the principle the writings was more well considered a &quot; apparatus of laboratory &quot; .
just ...
and also , the opposed can also proceed of all the implementing that surrounding to the research .
for example , the same writings writings up a writings of light in 1969 in the course of their research in on of writings .
to despite of that not was in no their intention original , this writings of now of &quot; eye &quot; for all the equipment digital the world , what that he holding the nobel of physical in 2009 .
that not to say , for of , that the activities the writings want necessarily into our lives , but that never know ...
care palliative . the better way of die ... &#124; he writings
in their commission die in dignity , quebec was recently the sensitive question the end of the life .
the debate must adopted soon while in a project of law .
now well , within of that means essential , still there much that to .
he writings has tried see of close .
ago hardly weeks , the Sr. L. living only in their your of the writings .
the cancer of prostate that he was destroying he had given a breathing of two years .
&quot; i had given five years of life , but already wearing seven &quot; , tracing , fact a is , except in their bed in the centre of care palliative Victor-Gadbois of writings , to the that was the day previous .
&quot; but always is a shock , not we be prepared for this &quot; , continues .
the disease he has caused havoc and a weakness huge that he from go only the bathing and even are for only .
but with to a writings lunch , accept writings that he help to are .
her , comes even to writings , to about with the unknown that he who she , he bring medicines and he offer a bathing .
the courage of the death ordinary .
&quot; my greater i is that i writings the diarrhoea , is humiliating &quot; , if .
hours more afternoon , the team found be to that .
&quot; in the course of our lives wrong that a man ago writings of ordinary &quot; , tracing pierre writings , currently in the centre Victor-Gadbois .
return to their early , for certain people , is a it unacceptable .
&quot; that on of the capacity of the person for accept that social &quot; , note .
because , according the opinion of the majority of the people that working in care palliative , the large at have place in the heart same of that social .
all the patients that entering in the centre of care palliative Victor-Gadbois from cancer .
have a things of life maximum of three months .
in that state , the team of advocated and nurses that they ensure already not offer the care &quot; writings &quot; .
the greater fear of the Sra. A. , of 89 years , is die &quot; aware and writings &quot; .
but the disease he has fact be to their children .
&quot; i a good children &quot; , they .
&quot; already not i are more wishes in this life &quot; , says , before of accept that he heart a writings for we to .
and expected , in the next days , a last visit of their son that live in italy .
in Victor-Gadbois provides , with a group of who , the care the body and aid to the food .
are care palliative that they give when not can to nothing more .
for help to that their death be more writings .
in quebec we with a bed of care palliative for every 11.700 inhabitants .
is very little , already that we that all will dying some day .
here , the life continues in the best conditions possible , is the Dra. writings writings , a of the writings the centre .
already be to level of comfort psychological , emotional or impoverishment .
the writings he offer writings of mouth with you or writings , according the demand .
to the ordinary already not they control their rate of sugar .
the death way part of what travel .
yesterday for the night he our a beer the Sr. x , that died in the course of the night .
this tomorrow , their son end the beer to the feet the late .
&quot; we and to the patients as to their human ones &quot; , tracing writings writings , there of the care .
in the centre Victor-Gadbois the days discussions without be never equal .
the side of a man of 94 years that writings their last meeting family in the so , well separatist between their writings while all they to their health , a young of 36 years dies of way tragic , surrounded for their parents , their woman and their two children , after he tried all for survive .
&quot; since ago six months , always there of three to five caged jobs for people under of 45 years worldwide of cancer &quot; , concerned the Dra. writings writings .
a 53 % of the patients that are admitted in the centre Victor-Gadboisarrivent is of their house and a 47 % the hospital .
problem the access to care writings
a 77 % of the european simply not has access to the care palliative , is say , to the care designed for can the suffering when a with comes to the phase at of their life , be in their home , in the hospital or in a centre of care .
and several bodies , as the centre Victor-Gadbois and the society of care palliative to home the couple writings , organized almost exclusively in the care of the patients with cancer .
is precisely that great omission on in the care health of quebec what that ago that many advocated great in care palliative granting the adoption of a law that involving the euthanasia and the suicide for .
since the month of october , a that signed for imperialists of the care palliative , as the Dr. balfour writings and the Dr. bernard writings , records for demonstrate their opposition to such initiative .
according the Dra. writings writings , the system health of quebec not is what enough competent as for ensure that anyone have right to care palliative of quality before of that accept proceed with the euthanasia .
&quot; recently &quot; , tracing , &quot; i seen to a patient it 14 days in writings suffering large will without that has fact what necessary for writings .
fear that the patients should die only because not receive the care are &quot; .
and at , many much writings with their patients to the last day , to despite of the worst forecasts .
the hopes of survival of flautre's richard were already under minimum when for a treatment of uncertain exhausting .
&quot; when he i to my writings that wanted stop the treatment , she i said that he was great it that i to of fight &quot; , tracing .
&quot; without embargo , it she i had said that not had nothing more that to waste &quot;
not there care writings
the Dra. writings believes that a 90 % of the people that illegitimate die too to their just that not they have speak in their demands a time they has in their headache thank to a team of care palliative .
but there that say that the care palliative not are absolutely writings in what that as the treatment the headache .
according writings writings , there of the care palliative to home of couple writings , the patients not europe’s to the treatments against the headache in a 8 % of the cases .
the end of the life , the doctors often resort to the sedating being , that of for sleeping the patient to the at of their illegal , already be of way occupational or of way permanent .
not we pretend that not we that part the suffering .
every time more , the disease not post is to have the possibility of have that sedating being .
the people that not are relieved say all what same and &quot; i i die &quot; .
but that not to say necessarily &quot; i the euthanasia &quot; , but &quot; i that i writings &quot; .
the also of this watched has been possible thank to a grants of journalism of the institutes of research of health of canada .
repeat who of great it in writings
officials of the network road , employers the writings , despised of funds of parties political and specialists of the mafia italian have , day after day , what that know of a enormous &quot; system &quot; , the that are part the industry of the construction , officials , political , unionists and apparently .
a &quot; industry &quot; that went too expensive to the taxpayers quebec , on all in the years 1990 and 2000 .
&quot; is done how the system writings a time we writings to the large means &quot; , writings jacques writings , member in quebec and former head of the police of montreal .
he writings the outbreak the scandal in 2011 , that was possible thank to a research to fund on the european budgetary to contracts of roads in quebec , that the first minister liberal of that at , jean writings , not had said: more that in delaying .
the &quot; report writings &quot; set a link direct between the industry , the funding illegal of the parties and the corruption between officials .
&quot; since the start of the research in 2010 , so only the ministry of transport would great billion million of usd in contracts &quot; , analysing some of their a of stay with a part proportional .
the commission writings &quot; already has fact fall to two mayors &quot; , they , while expected power to to &quot; demonstrate the devices existing behind of the individuals &quot; .
a unit permanent forms , created in 2011
the unit permanent forms , created in 2011 , applies also with their team of no , researchers and analysts the government .
this unit works also of the policemen of &quot; the also writings &quot; , that , since 2009 , have fact that the &quot; cartel the undue &quot; of montreal moderates to the time of point contracts .
these last weeks , the unit has allowed the registration in series of the accusations for fraud and corruption against charges municipal as frank writings and richard writings , mayor of a city of the outskirts .
the next of the list would chad writings , that just of resign of their since of mayor of laval , third city of quebec .
suspicion that has writings repeated bribery to change of contracts public .
has accused formally to engineers of the network road of montreal and to employers of origin italian , as tony writings and administered writings .
this last has caused commotion the explain to the commission the wrong the &quot; system &quot; of it of contracts public .
he same paid for three years a 3 % the value of the contracts investigation in montreal to a intermediary linked to the mafia that keeps the money to dimension writings , the party the mayor writings writings .
M. writings writings money to right and relations for the years 2000 , done more of 88.000 usd european ( a 68.000 eur ) to parties provincial , on all to the liberals in the power .
buried , also , have organised a laptops of funds illegal for the ex-viceprimera minister liberal , writings writings .
the inflation the cost of the contracts of writings
in montreal , the &quot; system &quot; of corruption came with efficiency .
chad writings , writings of works public , what explained perfectly to the commission and in ten years received those , invitations to travel , writings of golf , restaurants , parties of hockey and bribery of companies the sector of the construction for a total of 736.000 usd , all this to change of contracts of undue whose costs writings .
other officials of the network road have admitted that received money for point the bills between a 30 % and a 40 % in concept of they structural .
also , a organizing the party the mayor , martin rené , was to M. writings of have fact the a eye deliberately to a budget parallel and particularly their coffers of money dirty .
to as of these revelations , M. writings resigned to principles of november and was to montreal to a crisis huge .
writings writings was a of the first policies elected of montreal that was alarm the bell .
as writings the district of Rivière-des-Prairies , in the this of the island , opposed since 2010 to the sale of a on municipal taken for 5 million of usd and writings for 1,6 million to the established in full real really .
the 70 % the money of the campaigns election was money writings
of the research that finally will to out , she ensures that responsible &quot; of a which for power understand the to the system , writings for writings , for stop the writings and may to the guilty &quot; .
and they that the process is &quot; painful , but positive &quot; .
we their the seriously but would lack a unit of research treasure in montreal and be very early for that the practices dubious not repeat .
how to the been .
regularly .
jacques writings , for their part , states that &quot; the officials have using hundreds of million of usd &quot; , but is writings on all for the role of the &apos; &quot; political elected the aware of the rubbing &quot; .
writings in a 70 % the proportion of money dirty that on to the funding of campaigns election in quebec , writings and &quot; i have said that that not is more that a for a of the reality &quot; .
the government writings proposes limit to 100 usd the donations to parties , but that not will the organ , according he , &quot; while not speaking strictly the expenditure election , will money dirty in the policy &quot; .
writings a review full the system of fair of contracts public and of funding of the parties and &quot; not we fall more under ; go the fund of the things , with courage , we will rebuild the house with a more solid , with more controls and laws &quot; .
if this history colours the image international of quebec and of montreal , M. writings invites to those that wonder to from the mirror .
&quot; it the writings not is the groningen barcelona waste &quot;
this season has taken a new entity with the writings .
how behind that progress ?
could explain for a taking of awareness individual , but also for the new dimension the writings .
have come large players .
writings of day in day to their side .
the staff technical also i has has much .
and these elements i behind to every to raise the level of my at .
in a party , that is more easy .
all is very faster in the football .
but i not i writings .
since my at in the centre of series of writings writings to my step for Saint-Etienne , always i made to steps by .
is to obtain benefit of the competition writings for carlo writings .
the three of this summer are used to also parties of very high level .
know that every writings is crucial .
that ago that a player as i have i of fight and be all .
for other part , carlo writings i impact much in as to my concluded .
is supported for writings as claude writings , that by in the same position that i .
writings is the man that needed the team ?
for of .
writings continues respect to all the technical .
today for today , not there no as in the league 1 and is between the best huge european .
has a great experience and has cattle many titles with the best find .
has worked with large players .
i that will other titles in paris .
in january i a conversation very fitting with he .
i had of out of a series of injuries .
the confidence that has in me is also my good performance .
what of on the writings in the first part of the season ?
in the league 1 , lyon we has taken the since of leader .
but we in the harry .
one of our one objectives is the league of champions and we we writings for the writings of end with lifestyle .
what is the aim the club in this technical ?
we to treat of to what more far possible .
to from of now , can it any it .
but we much that say with to many and very good teams european .
we , for start , an the first of our league with the writings for power receive the back of writings of end .
the writings can become in a great club european to short the ?
already has the budget ...
for become in a great club european , paris has that earn titles and be that to long the .
today for today , that not is the case .
to level economic , the writings is taken to their means for that that project combined .
not earn the world in the league 1 , as in the last season , would a great failure ?
for of , would a great disappointment .
this year we to invest all our efforts in take that title of champions .
in the last season not we far .
in may we we a disappointment , already that had with the conditions optimum for to first .
we a season strong .
means with 79 points .
usually , with 79 points should have been champions ...
but another team , the writings , had a season quite better .
this year i that will the good .
even if the large teams as the been , the lyon and the writings are for the title , i that we with the weapons for writings .
believes that the means expect more the writings ?
is normal that valued much of us if we in what that has made in the players that we .
what we accepted totally .
after of that writings 4-0 in house to writings , that still are with things that criticise is a little frustrating .
we ask what more expected the people .
never we earn 4-0 all the for of week .
it not we the groningen barcelona writings
we of to in set a project of at .
a team build with time .
in the league of champions we shown that we respond and be present .
it look the manchester say that , after two writings , not has achieved medal for writings of end , and they also have made it writings
in a of the sums considerable , the writings with 15 points of advantage to the working .
that would neglect to our adversaries and the world of france .
lyon and been , that not were well the season previous , have seen &quot; powered &quot; for this new writings .
that shows that the league 1 is fascinating .
i that in may we say with a is that , to despite of all the difficulties , we yet us the prize .
the writings seems totally dependent of the successes of you writings .
better that for that we a &quot; writings &quot; .
that to say that writings is very competent and that fail many line .
has been for demonstrate that is the star of the league 1 .
and has shown in all the teams for the that has last that is a great player , a star world .
in the group respect the man and the player .
and he also respects to the men that has to their around .
what that has fact is truly exceptional .
that shared to the other to increase their level of at .
writings silva , one of the best defenders the world , to also that all of .
how you experienced the euro 2012 with the team of france ?
has been a disappointment .
was very about for participate in this euro .
and , my taken i was necessary time of at .
i things that and came a .
today achievement play good parties in the selection .
is what that expected since my baptism with the &quot; writings &quot; .
came the lesson of what that happened in ukraine and to this must that today we a behaviour exemplary .
what vision you the first month of didier writings the with of the &quot; writings &quot; ?
is established results .
are well in in the group of classification for the world .
the writings is rigorous , near to the players and continues to earn .
as was the case of laurent mont .
but not i to comparisons .
mont but their aim of writings for the euro .
i that didier writings and to the selection to brazil .
the score ( 1-1 ) the 16 of october in spain served for lay the a ?
that at we was confidence .
every one writings for all .
before of that shock in spain , not had experienced a at it in all my career .
with writings , pay and sell without writings
all what contrary to the trade monetary current , digital in the banks power , the transactions identified and the shared of processing between the parties .
also , as to often happens in the technologies , the vision policy is if and the i of that the system monetary current , up of monopolies banking , has to the crisis financial .
of fact , writings , specialist for writings writings ( a writings ) , is to the time a currency virtual writings to usd , eur , etc. and a protocol of change sure to the way of writings , that to the exchange of here of as to as .
have were close of 200.000 transactions thank to 15.000 computers of the network .
and close of a billion websites website others the writings as donations or as way of payment .
the share the writings , after have come to the top of 30 usd ( 23 eur ) in june of 2011 , fell to 2 usd five months more afternoon , before of to today to haunt the ten usd ( the contributions writings in the page bitcoincharts.com ) .
not is nothing impressive if what compared with the changes global in currency real or in products financial .
without embargo , the bank central european ( ecb ) was for he in a report on the currencies gambling published in october .
in he , described the writings as &quot; the currency virtual with more success &quot; , &quot; that nabucco with the dollar or the euro &quot; and &quot; similar to the currencies conventional &quot; .
writings difference of other systems with types of currencies gambling as the &quot; appropriations &quot; , used for move in a writings and that can earn playing or can buy ( and even in times writings ) .
the network social facebook was also this kind of system .
but in all exchange a authority central control and is the changes .
with the writings , all the safer of network are to the time only of books of accounting , writings , on of currency and buyers and sellers .
how works that network ?
every compromise between two users ago in reality between two different electronic in way of email an .
a such can choose a direction different for every payment , thus the anonymity .
a whole of information budgetary to this compromise signing securities to through of a system of code to dual key .
the network can foods the authenticity of the compromise .
thank the content the mens , is also possible ensure that the changes of writings appear in the book of auditors public , that i for all the network .
the milestone key is in drawing that new compromise in that book .
this is for the resolution of a challenge have launched to the computers and the election , a kind of exceptionally central interim , will the privileged of add that line supplementary .
is of a phase of writings of mens , is say , of transformation of a great mens in a left strength more shorter and only .
the computers &quot; you &quot; the new compromise and add a number before of &quot; writings &quot; the whole .
the aim is find the number that will a left particular ( more talk the principle ) .
a time that is that number , the other safer writings easily that is the good .
the compromise is then writings type to the chain of joint of the other transactions ; all change change the left .
if , for commit a fraud , a such i pay two sometimes with the same money very faster ( in less of ten minutes ) , the network only accept as shall a of the two transactions ; the other such s , already that both have fingerprinting different .
the computer that it the challenge has 50 writings .
for avoid the inflation , that handsomely into in two regularly , with likely before the end of 2012 .
the number of writings in movement is , because , limited to 21 million , but are writings to the writings , what that leaves a for broad .
the difficulty of this challenge strikes also in every increase of the power of calculation .
the life of the network has already their ups .
the websites website that offer services for writings have been attacked and have using writings in was .
&quot; the ruling used not affects the same protocol &quot; , ensures pierre writings , that just of launch writings , a company of payment in currency real that used the network writings .
the ecb has in account also the for of writings of money thank to this service blame .
but the money in effective there the same responsible .
the players of weight as writings reject the payments of this kind .
other , as the platform writings , the others .
recently , – writings and writings liqueurs , the writings writings in israel , study the book of accounting and showed that close the 80 % of writings not records .
in november launched the &quot; tested hired &quot; .
&quot; things 30.000 usd &quot; , writings writings writings , that from for writings , that becomes the writings in gold .
pierre writings , author of a book educational on that currency , believes quite in the potential of this technology also of in the network of transactions .
their system , writings , is to a card of credit ( in currency real ) or to a payment for mobile without contact , but used writings for validate the transactions , that are more eur .
the her , also , variety their identity and can , for and , stay in the anonymity .
the system is easy of to in set in the victim , that not have that installing new terminals or writings .
they enough with to a direction that a on can &quot; filming and recognise &quot; , precise pierre writings , that ensures have thousands of users .
there a movement general of review of the systems aggressor for systems more horizontal .
&quot; will lack a time for that writings will , but in 2013 could have a change &quot; , predicts .
for other part , in their report the ecb but enhance the risks various , today as higher , in case of that this currency have success .
we of afghanistan .
and after ?
the troops french left their area of responsibility in afghanistan ( writings and writings ) .
the nato and the american must out to for of 2014 .
is time of that the army afghan up possession of their territory and that the afghan let their future , without wait nothing of us .
we assessed on all to the farmers afghan , to the that we considered terrorists .
and to us same , with our 88 soldiers murdered , more the injured and the mutilated .
the taliban have with extremist foreign and former heads refugees in pakistan , but to often also with farmers that reject the presence the army abroad , as in the times of the soviet .
want defend their traditions , former and writings , even if to their causes up the pose , the pakistani , the arab , the writings or the writings .
writings , to sometimes even as for the insurgents local , for already not what be when the western they more disruption .
the starting of the troops french of the basis of writings , that saw since what high of the hill reducing of writings thank to the appropriations french , was for order .
the writings of over and of tanks were to kabul without would no attack , are for the helicopters .
not will influx of taliban in kabul to from of end of 2014 .
the circumstances have changed since their progress writings between 1994 and 1996 .
kabul was then gap and the country up in ceasefire and blood to cause of the struggles between different factions .
their taking of control the country had been perceived as a kind of release , the return to the security .
the afghan have paid the price the obscurantism of their farmers firm for the organisation Al-Qaeda , but their situation not is better today .
the old writings , the government current and the current taliban share the i of to to the women in a position from .
the main mr of the war writings only the power in 2001 .
have become in suicidal , worried with areas who for writings as bp for the refugees that have again of iran and pakistan , benefit to the couple of enormous contracts americans of outsourcing .
are coming ; the majority of they not have fought .
the people , according i heard in the camp , aspiring to a government that not is formed for observes .
many young want leave , as also iran the that have who so of the a american and the brain of capital is considerable .
the young are had of the war and of their suffered .
have experienced the world modern for their people in iran or pakistan and have in their advantages .
with around of a 65 % of their population a of 25 years , kabul account now same with 5 million of inhabitants , a fifth part of the population total .
in the cities , the schools state are coming and of girls as of children .
will that give work to these young that not make to the obscurantism of the former parties or to the corruption of certain leaders .
all , including the opposition armed , are quadrupled of mobile it . the television and their writings turkish that about a world modern has large particular in all the country .
the army is now this .
considered legitimate the authorities that want it the country ?
the former staff of the fight writings about already of rebuild the militias provincial , that writings the power central .
afghanistan , country of of , of strong unaware local , should power benefit of a certain practise to image of the nations western . without embargo , the states united what have wanted into in a state centralised , with a power presidential strong , avoided the since the first minister that there since the constitution of 1964 .
the president karzai not to the control abroad , in particular with reason of the elections have in april of 2014 .
not but , their country on of the aid foreign since the years 50 and even before .
no industry has restored their services , not has managed no writings or have compensation the systems of irrigation important .
all is from and not there nothing such fruit and vegetables .
the priority leaves to the initiative private .
in a country ruined after 30 years of war , would been necessary the control government .
writings the rumour of that afghanistan having caspian wealth mining .
and that not was more that increase the feeling of that the western were that for power of them .
without energy for from the on of iron or of boost the on and without means of transport for export to through of the of , not there exploitation mining .
the chinese already almost have given the mines of boost of month writings , leaving that the quite international ( financed for the bank world ) writings the immense site writings and no there as the hiring more important of the province .
will also lack that afghanistan and pakistan , country the that on the imports and the exports , countries their relations average .
the troops french left the 20 of november .
the new treaty of cooperation but the then of the aid traditional and schools of girls , schools of children , a department of french in the university , the institute french , the cooperation in the areas military , legal , health and agricultural and the support to the delegation writings .
since 2009 , with the the of to &quot; gain the hearts and the independent &quot; and of to the impossible task of to that the aid and the actions launch line , a service of &quot; actions civilians and military &quot; the ministry of defence ( writings ) , removed in 2012 , brought and was bring to through of a small ngos french many work of interest collective and actions of agricultural in tens of villages of mountain .
these work , writings of obtain hand of work local , have been help to contain the uprising and becomes , wells , water drinking , appropriate , trees writings , protection solar and increase of land of cultivation .
what we as i after two million of eur of expenditure military ?
a budget more well modest will to the improvement of the conditions of life local , very harsh in these gorgonzola in to often to more of 2.000 metres of and .
the embassy received tens of demands written with small proposals agricultural by for communities local of the province of writings .
for that must of the uprising was to out for the groups foreign , something that the farmers i have said that want , would lack to a small aid civil , well hand and that they will directly .
a constitution with writings in writings
is a new dual or nothing the president makes writings .
while that egypt is more divided that never in as to the declaration constitutional , that he make broken powers leave , he decided play the all for the all .
writings to all the world for from the wednesday , when announced that the house which would their text end the day next .
ago so only a week , the head of state had given two months more to this house for an their work .
and ago almost two years that egypt used a text interim , several sometimes amended , what that weakens the stability institutional and has to writings judicial .
this new initiative not has fact more that increase the rift in the country .
for their opponents , the president values in their &quot; away approach &quot; and continues &quot; writings their word &quot; and &quot; trampling the right &quot; .
for part of their supporters , ensures that is of a as for an more faster with the crisis institutional and policy and speed the process of transition .
in the next 15 days should organized a referendum .
a space of time very short that forced to the brothers to up to their project of explain the text , article for article , to the egyptians .
for the president , is also of a way of to a legitimation popular and democratic while the controversy cause havoc in all the country .
makes writings seems convinced of that the egyptians will to their favour , as stated in a interview the up american time .
considering that that resource has voted with great quickly , contains a now for the people egyptian and &quot; or vote my text or i the powers leave &quot; , powers that is will to their end with the adoption of the constitution .
is in that environment strange in the that 85 member of this house which , islamist in their great majority , voted the text yesterday .
the majority of the liberals not total to the call .
to the of november , a little before of the declaration constitutional , had closed the door because considered that not could to assert their points of a .
the representatives of the rights human , the minorities religious and of the society civil did what same .
to end of that reached the quorum necessary , yesterday for the tomorrow manner to 11 people , member substitutes , to all criticises .
some of they are very close to the brothers muslim .
as never wait , the articles voted what have been for unanimously .
to the commentators they ago royal , for other part , the fact of that a of the few discrepancies of the working has expressed practically to the time of the sentence , and is that several member the committee arrived to think that the clock of the which was .
the text , that yesterday afternoon was still being voted , over of 234 articles .
the article 2 , the of all the turned , still being finally with the of the constitution of 1971 , that stipulated that &quot; the principles of the sharia are the source main the right &quot; .
the parties writings , for who the establishment of the law islamic is a as fundamental , were that so replace &quot; the principles &quot; for &quot; the rules &quot; , what that would allowed a application more strict .
for the on , that this article not has been amended is a guarantee of their good will and of their respect towards the other south of the society egyptian .
the liberals what writings of hypocrisy and they that not is more that of a immense an .
according they , the islam of the constitution ago to through of other articles .
are , in special , the article 220 , that status to the university Al-Azhar a role consultative , in particular for all who that has of confirmed their accordance with the laws of the sharia .
according the prominent in egypt rostopchine writings , is disturbing because &quot; the people call to on not is elected and not has no legitimacy democratic .
here positive the shame of a global &quot; .
the fears of the liberals are also young for the fact of that the next his of this university would quite less moderate that the current .
&quot; for now , not there a involvement religious concrete .
with this constitution we in the framework the state civil .
the majority of the lawyers that have working in that text not are writings but university , some of they trained in the system french &quot; , is writings writings , that in a view on the transition constitutional egyptian .
but is that can have certain ambiguity in about the article 220 , because the terms employees tired the vocabulary hiding .
&quot; we about in particular the term writings &#91; law islamic , writings &#93; .
and the question that could considered in the future would in what as are the judges civilians competent for on for above of all this &quot; .
more beyond of their are hiding , the text voted yesterday has received many criticisms that are to the powers most that status the president of the republic .
the brothers muslim argue that are few in compared with the that were for the previous regime .
another point contention and the powers on the army .
with the i of the military , the review the budget of defence not will put the parliament , but to a council national of defence .
not will the mr of civilians in courts military , as were the associations for the defence of the rights human .
these also showed their concerns relating the text , that they writings .
the crime of blasphemy with and , of now in from , the at are banned , what that could emphasis serious consequences for the freedom of expression , on all the of the press .
also , no article emphasises the protection of the women , highlights writings writings , of rights rights rights .
according she , what only positive has been the ban of the torture of agreement with the article 36 .
the word not on in the constitution previous .
although the president egyptian should out yesterday for the night in the television , scheduled demonstrations for this at .
the supporters the head of state demonstrated the saturday .
in israel , to the tourists took they expect the earth holy , the as the world and a sea of writings
the earth promised dubious the age of the that writings with the comfort modern and a writings nature .
&quot; writings &quot; identified the five reasons more important for the that must visit israel .
writings in the earth writings
worth the it visit the river thinking where eruption was subject .
believes that anyone that joining in this &quot; removing writings &quot; will the royal divine .
and writings , the place of the miracles of eruption and the into of water in wine in the so , walking on the water , the implementing of the storm and the networks full .
in this same place , eruption disturbed to their saying after of the resulted .
but the greater amount of places holy is in jerusalem .
the believers those here the writings or the way of the cross of eruption ( in provide &quot; to writings &quot; ) .
begins in the fortress of antonio , the writings , where carried the trial , and continues for the streets of the city old , is the holy writings in the mount writings , the place of the writings , to the stone of the writings and the place of lose of eruption .
in this same place is also the as christian symbolic the world , that symbolises the run of the humanity .
and the drepung of the holy cross in jerusalem , built in the place where , according a is christian , had a tree the that was the cross for the writings of eruption .
in jerusalem is also the place more sacred for the jews , the wall of the issue ; the from of a temple destroyed for the romans in the year 70 dc .
as is tradition , people of different it leaves here more with their wishes , that then will reality .
to a travel writings
the ruins of the fortress writings was what that was of a refuge secret against the enemies , that planned the largest unable to in the year 25 to . C. for their family .
are in the writings of mountain to a and of 450 m on the level the sea .
and to to there for their own means , only can those that for to the escalation .
the other can to to this summit historic in the writings .
and in the north the country to a altitude of 1600-2040 m is the famous station of ski writings , where in the months of winter there a great influx of tourists .
to there , since the ordinary of the grand offer services of bus .
the length total of the pistes of ski is of 45 km.
according a former is , in the top of the mountain is writings gods writings .
visit cultural writings
in this country there around of 300 cultural .
in a only travel not writings visit all .
but worth the it visit for what less five of they , the more interesting .
between they is the museum of israel , it close of the positive ( parliament israeli ) .
in he and the former those the sea died or writings of writings , cheating in the underground the desert of writings , and around of 500 billion parts writings and writings .
worth the it visit the museum of art in tel aviv .
in their explanatory of union account with writings of writings and writings such as writings , writings , shown , writings , writings , writings , writings , writings or depiction .
in writings can visit the museo-baño the writings , that are some into of former set turkish with such model of visitors and bathers of that time .
in writings worth the it it for the aim museum private writings , where can fail the sculptures of writings and writings .
there not there directories tour or shops of writings .
the entry is free , and categorically not others donations .
the fifth , the museum the holocaust or yad visits in tel aviv , shows a of the pages more dramatic of the history .
the section more tragic is the memorial of the children , built in memory of the 1,5 million of children murdered in the camps of concentration and the a of gas .
writings in he and you find in absolute living .
the stars going .
and sound the names of the children jews and the names of the countries in the that lost the life .
ukraine mentioned also .
writings
the three main areas harmonising of israel are to by the sea mediterranean , the sea red and the sea died .
in every one of they there swimming , area water , writings and cultural writings .
is done that in the sea red writings even in the months of winter , already that the temperature the water not and of the 21 degrees and the air writings to the 23 degrees .
the sea died is still more hottest and there if for all the year .
for true , this sea , the more has in the world , is in the point more under the planet and to 417 m under the level the sea .
the water blue of there are a brined that easily maintain to to the that not know swimming .
the valued of the surrounding are truly in .
the people comes here for it courses of treatment with water fresh , brined and writings writings and writings their health in cases of dermatitis , see , asthma , writings , writings , nasal , diabetes and for to in order their writings both .
writings the after of the writings
the retains the part former of tel aviv , the sacrifice of jaffa , in the coast mediterranean .
for she was the famous route maritime that writings egypt , syria , writings and – .
the city is in in the former which greek and egyptian .
according account the is , was here where with was their with and writings french to the beautiful writings with who , in this same place , was a long and and life .
to the tourists they love meet for the closer streets that for the names of the signs the writings .
say that if results the would in the street of your &quot; same &quot; symbol , the you you will favourable .
in jaffa can find accorded of on nationals writings writings that come of all parties of israel , and even of other countries for writings .
and in writings , the city the king planned , can meet for the to roman , &quot; take &quot; the fortress of the crusaders .
in the time seen , writings was the city main of writings and the residence of the writings romans , including pontius wash .
the to , carefully wto , used now for testing avoid and amateur of giuseppe .
tourists writings
if travels to israel , not publicly if their english leaves much that desired and in this country around the 30 % of the population about russian .
the money for this travel not is desirable stop in eur , but in usd , that can be easily a to writings ( currently 1-3 $ , 8 writings ) .
the transport urban consists mainly the buses , but in jerusalem there every faster and in terrible is the only line of on the country , that over of six stations and it the city and with the city high .
in reality , is of a writings underground .
travel in any kind of transport public costs 6 writings and for this price can travel doing writings for 1,5 hours .
in israel , according the tradition jewish , the saturday have the writings .
since the night the on to the that the you the saturday , markets and shops close and the transport public broke their work .
but the on for the tomorrow at a new week labour .
in many coffee , restaurants and hotels only of food writings , that excludes meat of pork , fish , fish without writings and had in the that combining milk and meat .
there provides a wider selection of had to basis of meat of veal and lamb , writings and writings prepared with milk of scapegoat , the traditional a writings call writings , great variety of writings , the writings , that are her of writings powders , fruit and vegetables .
in the streets of the cities israelis not are dogs stray .
in change , there many cats well fed that &quot; roam to their pleased &quot; of way terms .
for the night is abduct tread even on the ceilings of the cars writings .
to the writings they about the places writings and not reject the writings .
the for of a car , on of the ce , cost of 37 $ ( writings writings ) to 188 $ ( audi A6 , volvo S80 ) the day .
also the sure , that is for 15 $ the day .
and the for of a bicycle he come for 15 writings the day .
the tickets to the cultural cost a average of 30 writings .
israel in writings
in 2012 members israel more of three million of tourists of all the world .
the majority of the that arrived to go the country and rest were citizens of EE.UU. , russia , france , germany , italy , uk the and ukraine .
the earth promised , of january to october 2012 , was visited for 118,8 billion tourists took , amount that than in a 51 % the same rate the year 2010 , before of the cancellation the regime of visa writings writings the 9 of february of 2011 .
&quot; the largest and powerful &quot; you will to moscow and immigrants reasonable for the writings
while members and defenders of the rights human is on the consequences that more the law on the examination for , already have appeared in the country merchants that trade with certified &quot; they &quot;
every year , 13 million of workers immigrants come to moscow , st petersburg and other cities of russia .
in their majority are citizens of countries of asia central and uzbekistan , tajikistan and turkmenistan .
their only aim is earn money for help to their families that have been in house .
since the 1 of december get in force a law , according the which every immigrant labour be to a examination for to their knowledge of the language russian .
for now , this rule is applicable only for those that have the intention of work in the sector of provision of services , institutions of services community , services domestic and trade the for a .
without embargo , with the time , as turns in the service federal of immigration , the medical will of for all the immigrants .
also , not will enough with be the examination of the language , if not also the of history russian and the of basis of the legislation .
the knowledge of the language be confirmed even for receive and renew the permission of work .
are derogation the citizens of the countries where the russian is the language official .
not be subject to this law the people that failed obtain their certified of education and qualifications before of the dissolution of the union soviet in 1991 .
assisted , destiny and defence of the writings
the network of centres interviewed will auspices for the institute of language russian writings , the university of the friendship of the peoples , the university state of moscow , the university state of st petersburg and other institutions of education higher russian .
the immigrants be they to the evidence in all the cities , now same in russia are open more of 160 centres of this kind .
the initiative on the introduction the examination was supported for the members of the duma state and for the service federal of immigration .
but the defenders of the rights , much before of that the law regulation in force , failed many sometimes to this question to the press and and what will this in reality ?
what changes will the mandatory the knowledge of the language , and for the russian as for the own immigrants ?
in first place , europe’s the representatives the service of immigration , this will reduce the number of people that suffer &quot; than labour &quot; .
great people about today on the defence of the rights of the immigrants labour , is victor writings , head of the representation the service federal of immigration of russia in tajikistan .
the defence of their rights must before of their starting .
only a system of selection organised will solve the problem of the workers immigrants in a 90 % of the cases .
the problems the have the immigrants without profession , education , the that not know the language or spend the control doctor .
without the understanding of the language , that writings , the future immigrant will condemned to find people without unscrupulous that , with the pretext of help , he writings a &quot; writings paid &quot; to a naturally and close writings , where he and dozens of other as he consume for months without food or documents , working of 12 to 14 hours the day .
we a but of complaints of our immigrants .
&quot; in their homeland they turns a it , but the to are deceived , they deprived of their passports , not they paid the wages promised &quot; , that the head of the direction of immigration labour the service of immigration of tajikistan , writings government .
it not can , writings writings
without embargo , while and many citizens of the republics of asia central that want work in russia will that not only not know the language the country the that to go , but that also in their language own written with difficulty .
for of , this not is and their blame but their own to and are few the uyghurs , writings , writings that can be the luxury of receive education primary normal .
this must to that their families even not have nothing that give of are to the children , for not about already of writings , writings and writings what necessary for the school .
the to to the adolescence , these boys lawfully to work to the first opportunity .
is difficult , if not know the language , will they .
&quot; one feel humiliated and from &quot; .
without embargo , in what that concerns to the law on the language , the defenders of the rights extent a point important .
the medical will to out only for those immigrants whose status be legal .
if not have that status , not will or examination and , in result , no work official .
while and , the majority of the workers immigrants still living in russia illegally .
&quot; welcome or banned the step to off &quot;
many visitors practical that receive the status official in our country not is so easy .
the cause is in the obstacles bureaucratic and in the difficulties of the language in .
also , the legalisation costs money and of twelve billion to sixteen billion writings .
without embargo , a alert seem can to quickly and for only billion a writings .
the employees of the police russian know that generally we documents they , not we registered and with the cases of extortion .
&quot; we they hundred or dtp writings for cigarettes or teaspoons &quot; , told to the journalists the citizen of tajikistan , writings writings .
&quot; we , not : writings , purchase a paint &quot;
the first day of the entry in force of the law on the language , was of that that not only the documents of registration of immigrants can be they .
several certified &quot; they &quot; of knowledge of the language already have been seized for officials the service federal of immigration .
the documents counterfeit had been printed in writings standard of colour .
for of , arrived to the hands of the new owners not as gift and every immigrant , writings make the task of it the evidence , paid for the document seven billion writings .
this is two sometimes and a more expensive that the procedure official of examination , that cost the worker immigrant three billion writings .
the main task for a future next is protect the system against the corruption for that the &quot; qualifications &quot; not can buy , admission the officials the government and the defenders of the rights .
to the at , the authorities can he to the workers immigrants that not would been it with success the examination the first time more time for to the course basic of the language .
also , to the immigrants that not speak russian they will work that not require communication active with the people .
the ministry the internal not taking measures down against the trade illegal of writings
the percentage of crimes committed with weapons registered is quite writings
the ministry the internal proposes apply the law with greater black in relationship to the owners of weapons of use civil .
this is the reaction the government to the recent occur and writings gaza for celebrations of beats in the that for fate not there victims , and the massacre initiated for the lawyer branch eminent writings , in the that writings seven people lost the life .
the police to ban the use and the possession of weapons inhuman in places public and raise the age minimum for the it of licence for writings weapons , of 18 years to 21 years .
this idea was supported for the head the committee of the duma in on of security and fight against the corruption , writings writings , who promised that the reforms in the law on the possession weapons be it to the duma the state in a future next .
not all feel satisfied with the fact of that the authorities russian are trying of by this problem in the &quot; policy of hand for &quot; .
in the network has appeared a letter open , whose perpetrators , representatives of various organisations social of marksmen , need that not of such measures of &quot; strictness without sense &quot; .
the percentage of acts of things with use of weapons registered is minimum , told the service of news bbc of russia , the lawyer writings writings writings .
according statistics the ministry the internal , for six months the year 2012 balkan 142 crimes with use of weapons of ceasefire registered in organs the internal , with the total of 1168 crimes kept for this same period .
the perpetrators of the letter open are insurance of that a legislation more strict in the sector of weapons of use civil not will a always for that the unequal like the market black .
now , according their words , in moscow can find any weapon to under price .
while and , in the ministry the internal that that the situation of the proliferation of weapons illegal is under control .
providers and since share to writings
the market black of weapons ground to through of several channels .
the channels main are years , says the colonel withdrawn victor writings , who for ten years worked in the ministry of education and in the high state greater .
warrant of screen the on website that accept orders of writings
the first , &quot; foothold the force! or military &quot; , is say , the weapons that were stolen for the actions military in the caucasus .
&quot; the weapons were writings for the official russian and for the same writings &quot; , says writings .
the next kind of &quot; weapon black &quot; , the stolen for criminals and representatives of the forces of security .
writings is that here include the weapons writings of the stores of the police and those stolen directly for officials of the organs of they of the law .
the weapons illegal are to the sale since the coming military .
in many coming military to often had explosions .
&quot; there versions unsubstantiated of that some fires were this writings for cover the lack &quot; , is a writings .
according writings , the manufacturers of weapons also are their play of bit .
&quot; now have joint share private of weapons that not are competitive in the market international and medication weapons under to the market black , including the of moscow &quot; , says the expert .
a source more the market black is the smuggling .
great amount of putting and machine from of countries poor as kyrgyzstan .
&quot; there have with their own production , to sometimes industrial , and has formed a mafia that has organised the flow of weapons &quot; , is the former military .
of where come the weapons ?
the experts have calculated what is the participation portuguese of every a of these sources of supply of weapons illegal the market black .
a report on this issue was produced in 2011 for the centre of analysis of problems and planning of the management public .
the specialists study reports the ministry the internal and of writings , writings writings and data of access public of writings whose thematic revolves in about to the weapons .
the great majority of the weapons illegal , according the researchers , from of the forces armed and of the forces of security .
the half of the weapons the market black has come there &quot; for blame of officials whose work is connected with the weapons &quot; , says in the report .
according the researchers , the 17 % of the weapons from of places where there conflicts armed , the 14 % of the cases european for the production of weapons and the 5 % is to the &quot; archaeological illegal &quot; .
the dependent of a of the shops of weapons , that asked that their had not it mentioned , says that the weapons winter for writings illegal not the purchase no since ago already much time because are too old .
more to often , says , the providers addressed to stores military when need a starting .
to through of some writings , the supplier purchase a unit , for example a gun swedish .
the are the registration and the spend for above of the off .
&quot; this has the weapon to the city and the sells to 900 eur for unit with two chargers &quot; , we writings
&quot; but , clear , the police this the and of all the affairs , that where , when there that to the plan of discovery of crimes , place purchases of proof to the their of weapons illegal &quot; , they the dependent .
&quot; as in a writings of luxury &quot;
the seller and the asean's often found to through of known .
&quot; i pages website and refer to that a kind that i proposed that outside to the platform &quot; writings &quot; , where would a man that i would to a &quot; writings &quot; where we negotiating .
the price the weapon , i until only there &quot; .
writings military ought writings
&quot; for to a weapon i a friend that have contacts &quot; , says the dependent of the shop . &quot; i a friend , but not i much in he &quot; .
in the markets there sellers , but there also has that to , for &quot; of part the Sr. writings , that asked that he up that he had fallen a your to their daughter &quot; .
even i to a couple of writings of steel to through of a person of confidence .
he also i the country only to me because know that not he i to writings .
the writings are weapons of different ways .
the former military ought writings was to proof in the role of asean's of weapons illegal to the of the years 1990 , when had to publish a article on this issue .
the odd , according their words , not have changed .
he million a georgian of summit where not had &quot; of all &quot; .
&quot; i felt as in a writings of luxury &quot; , reminds the military .
the asean's , according words of writings , not he offer over for over and all what that there can test .
i , as who potential , not only buy ; we with the seller the of , where we a white .
&quot; i give the opportunity of shoot and when i assure of that the weapon in well , we to negotiating &quot; , describes the procedure the expert .
shop of writings
the engines of for website gets to websites and groups of &quot; writings &quot; , where provides buy weapons &quot; for different your &quot; .
for this not requires no document or meetings personal .
&quot; is enough have a certain amount of money &quot; , written in the writings the notice media &quot; buy a gun or a writings &quot; .
there the users they their orders and are questions .
and are to under of age ?
&quot; without permission , for of &quot; , question the such &quot; writings &quot; ( those consumption ) .
&quot; buy gun swedish . moscow &quot; , writings interesting their question &quot; writings &quot; .
the service federal of security has created a huge network of websites website fictitious and warrant to two hands to those that want buy weapons of ceasefire .
and the people is , as fish man towards the writings , and then , to from coal in writings
writings military and writings ought writings
i heard about of these systems and for what general , the on website is were outside the it of the laws russian .
the people ago the orders .
the asean's for the payment to through of a money we .
&quot; in response , he they a it and the was for that this where is hidden the weapon &quot; , tracing the secretary of press of the ngos &quot; the right to the weapons &quot; , at writings .
ought writings that that if ago a asked in line , one is without weapon and what put in the her .
the service federal of security has created a huge network of websites website fictitious and warrant to two hands to those that want buy weapons of ceasefire .
&quot; and the people is , as fish man towards the writings , and then , to from coal in transported &quot; , that he .
writings for 100 writings
in the purchase of weapons of ceasefire illegal , according the experts , one can spend of 100 to 900 usd .
according at writings of the ngos &quot; the right to the weapons &quot; , a gun writings can acquire for 100-300 usd .
be wait a month and a .
is sent since the stores military for the heads of those a .
of agreement with the statistics official the ministry , in compared with the period enero-octubre of 2011 , the number total of these crimes in russia reduced in a 7 % , what that is 22.900 , and the number of cases eu of theft and extortion of weapons , cluster , explosives and example explosives fell in a 7,8 % .
are in strike the employees of restaurants of food swift and supermarket in EE.UU.
to a quarter part of adolescents americans are their first work as cash in &quot; city &apos; lines: &quot;
in the last days , in the states united has on a wave of protests against the netherlands wages that paid in the supermarket of the s writings and in restaurants of the popular chains of food swift , such as &quot; city &apos; lines: &quot; , &quot; writings luther &quot; , &quot; writings writings &quot; , &quot; writings &apos; lines: &quot; and &quot; writings writings writings &quot; .
for now no if to count if will or not this wave to the nine points , or if has for lose forces and writings in their first stages .
the actions of protest have with the support of the unions and of a series of ngos of left .
also the increase of the modest wages received for the workers of writings and the the system of food swift , the aim of the organisers of the protests is the creation of unions of workers in these companies .
for now , this sector of the economy practically not has been he for the movement trade .
forty and six kozloduy the year ?
the actions in the week last , after the day of action of thank , the called &quot; on black &quot; . that day , in states united writings the orgy of tested that tuna to million of inhabitants , and that to sometimes was by of clashes .
that day , some workers of the s writings , that utilised to 2,2 million of people in the world , left their jobs of work and writings writings of protest together to the unions and activists of left in the shops of the s , whose products addressed to people of income modest and pakistani .
writings sells of all , since writings , references of a and batteries for cars , to writings , eggs and milk .
the products in their shops are of average between a 8 % and a 27 % more cheap that the of the supermarket more large .
is for that that many workers rapid of writings buy only in the work .
the availability and the had of products have fact of writings a of the do more large of highlighted .
according the words two critical , writings can afford the luxury of sell products to very under price , in part because would little to their workers .
these last also complain of the poor conditions labour , such as the lack of writings or brought of hand .
that &quot; on black &quot; the participants of the demonstration demanded the increase of wages and were of that the cost the sure of health provided for the s happened of 30 to 100 usd month .
for a worker typical of writings , that have 9,5 usd for time , this spending is excessive , said .
scientists of the university of california in writings argue that if writings is the salary a to 12 $ for time , this he cost to the s 3,2 that of usd .
this is approximately a 1,1 % more of what that spent in wages now .
if writings cart the increase wage in the of of the consumers , every visit to the shop they will only 46 kozloduy more expensive .
in a year they ones the ludicrous amount of 12,39 usd more of what that on now .
the supporters of writings word satisfied that the protest had place so only in nine states and that not caused no loss to the s .
the &quot; on black &quot; have in their shops since the 8 of the afternoon the thursday to the midnight the day next and , for that time , writings sold around of 5000 articles for second .
in total , their boxes writings there the &quot; on black &quot; almost 100 million of transactions .
the representative of the company , give writings , declared in a interview the on website of left writings , that left their since of work &quot; less of five &quot; employees of writings and that the protest not had been more that &quot; another are of relations public &quot; , organised for the seconded of workers .
&quot; it cash free waste &quot;
the protests continued this week in new york , in the that the objectives not were precisely the large stores writings ( that in this progressive city not they have love , and for that for now not there none ) , but the &quot; city &apos; lines: &quot; and other restaurants cheap .
it city &apos; lines: says that sells thousands of million of pieces , and then or even you land the and for disease and not you paid for your work honest writings
writings writings , member the council municipal of new writings
currently , of agreement with the law federal and the of new york , the salary minimum is of 7,25 $ for time .
the restaurants of food swift what will increasing with the time , but only to , and of average , the workers ordinary receive in new york 8,90 usd for time .
no earns less that they in this city .
how is possible survive in new york with that money , for me is something incomprehensible .
there a time when almost the quarter part of the adolescents americans slovenia for the city &apos; lines: and they there , behind of the this , to time from after of the school , although still living with their parents .
few were the that saw this as the main source of income or writings stay there much time .
now , constantly writings in some mr with workers of city &apos; lines: that complain of that have that live of this salary , and to sometimes even only to their children .
for another side , in a forum of the magazine wall wall journal there a one whose author out that is irresponsible have children if not know with what give of are .
the participants in the protests , that in to the 6 and 30 of the tomorrow the thursday in the city &apos; lines: of the 40th wall and writings writings , demanded that to the cash and chefs of food swift they it to pay for what less 15 $ for time , or be , that they european their salary minimum current .
also demanded that in the sector of the food swift believe unions of workers .
the law of the EE.UU. banning to the administration meaningful this right and punish to the activists the movement trade with think and people .
for other part , have time the administration they makes the life .
but , for reasons objective , is easy that the unions writings the sector of food writings .
a of the main is the excessive rotating the staff .
writings
writings protests had place that same day in other restaurants cheap of eminent .
the culmination of the action had place to half the rally in the city &apos; lines: it close of times square , in the that took several political democrats local , in particular the member the council municipal of the city writings writings , that said and &quot; city &apos; lines: says that is markets thousands of million of pieces , and then or even you it a hospital or you would for your work honest &quot; .
the demonstrators received the support of other than democrats of new york , for example the candidate to mayor of the city gates of writings , that said that &quot; we support to the workers the sector of food swift for that forgetting receive wages fair and the prosperity economic that deserves every writings &quot; .
as what described the newspaper new york times , this has been the greater demonstration of this kind in the history american of the food swift .
but in she took only a few hundreds of people , even not all they were employees the service of food swift , in the that writings tens of thousands of people of new york .
still not is clear if this will of spark for to a movement mass .
&quot; for now , is the brain not is so easy &quot;
the issue of the reality increase , so popular between the fans to the technologies modern , recently is with normal mainly to through the prism of from special .
to beginning the summer , in their conference annual google showed a model in movement and subsequently , in november , it that microsoft had presented also a request for demand the on patent .
without embargo , of a conversation with the head the group of technology interactive 3D in the laboratory of microsoft of lecture , writings writings , writings that for the scientists of this company , the from already other to a stage last .
to they they situation the we of the manipulation of and gambling in the air with the hands bare and the creation of initial gambling open .
- for favour , in terms general , what is the the of study of their group of research ?
- we are to the interaction persona-ordenador , but also we of extend the limits of this interaction .
for now the humanity in their great mass has been trapped in the stage of work with the writings of the screen finding , to sometimes the it with the should .
but us we look 5-10 years from and ever the changes writings in this interaction .
for example , the registered writings and the sensors writings represent a step from and today in day no writings sells without writings , already that to all they interested the control for listening .
- what more we place the future ?
- to despite of that writings has taken the interaction the level psychological , great part of this still happens in a screen finding , to sometimes in 3D .
the introduction of information has consumers ( the system have more data ) , and the exit still not is very good .
we trying of change this , we in systems of writings truly writings , digital writings writings in different technologies , including the of involved .
must release the world of the computer the our , the psychological , do more tangible .
for this , without embargo , is necessary recognise not only the such , but also the space that what surrounding .
then we complete the world real with and gambling of a way more relating .
in first place , it the considers with these silly time of reality virtual writings
- what of you on the control for voice ?
a detail very popular , but not believes that what writings ?
- clear that not he can be a universal , is remains of solve the question of privacy , already that not always to that the other through of our actions and intentions .
of fact , all the types of interaction with writings are good , but every one in their own camp .
for example , for the control of will in places public , we a project in the that we in the listening , but not in movements wild , but more short .
also , the listening were caught not for the house the device , but for a process that investigation the movement of the bones and the truly .
for now is very largest , but in theory can be reduced the size of a clock of process .
but , in general , the future is for a kind combined of control , for example of gesture for voice .
- how is that ?
- for example , how i would you that he parliament's this ' of writings ?
you about and the will the same time .
- usually i only i .
- such , that is to be very difficult of recognise .
- or be , you to force to the users to adapt to what that can or not can to in this at the machine ?
- not necessarily , but is a is mutual .
i that in a future next we to have that work mainly in the involved of new types of sensors that can determining with precisely the reactions of the person .
these can be , for example , sensors writings , already that provide a good resolution in depth , what that is very important .
- if we of their work with the sensors of writings writings , what complaints has you of the a modern ?
they lack resolution , depth or something more ?
- in principle , the generation current is what that can be the start of our work with the recognition writings .
for of , would good obtain 8 writings to the at of 1000 writings .
but the question not is in the writings , but in the quality of the advocates and in the depth .
since this last point of a , all the technologies current not are what enough good for us ; this it more work to the designers of writings .
or be , that we that remember not only the resolution in the themes x and and , but also in Z.
also is important the at , the number of which for second .
the movements human are quite dynamic and the current of 30 writings are truly even , on all for the listening .
writings writings , of our laboratory in writings , was a rises of contact with disorder writings of processing of 1 to 100 writings and is mention that the modern sensors produced in series are more close the second value ( 60-100 ) .
not all the world understand in what as this affects to the interaction hombre-máquina .
to me i would very useful for my work a equivalent of such device , but that not take contact for that the which for second be more .
- and not is necessary increase the number of a ?
- the writings has now three &quot; a &quot; , a of the which is of fact the issue of how infrared and the second the points of the signal be .
but the third house is in reality a just rises the writings visible .
this not used for determining the depth the the .
potentially , more amount of a could solve the problem ...
or the contrary , had and struggle the amount required of somewhere .
would good create a prove by of writings , play with the shapes of location of the a and see how this help to writings the position writings .
- for what that i i , microsoft , to difference of google , not has presented their from the public .
not he seems that , since the point of a the use every of technologies of reality increase , the from are a of the platforms more of ?
- for of , it all the harp consulting in high a on intelligent in the hands , not is very comfortable , but i i and the better option would a reality increase &quot; writings &quot; when , in basis of a platform of cloud , you could it of the from the on intelligent ,
the from are will very personal , in that is their force ( the things private only you will see ) , but also their weakness and a reality increase on in from not he will work on and gambling together with other people .
- imagine for a at that the manipulation of and writings gambling in the air is available not only for tony writings of the film &quot; open writings &quot; , but also for any just real .
there a problem in this idea that the critical often point and it not there response writings writings
it the hands not feel nothing writings
what answers in their group for this challenge ?
- in my conferences to often i that the reality increase is the seventh just in the interaction between the man and the machine .
i that the eighth well could be the addition of dracula writings .
while and , one of the tricks more interesting is the use of the second hand in quality of report for the image .
it have the you perfectly writings
but there also technologies that are truly whole to give writings to these &quot; images in the air &quot; . for example , the interference of several how writings targeted to a point specific where is the should it a feeling similar to the that one feel if someone as writings in the writings of the it , but that feeling still is very weak .
there also writings for the wooden that have in the writings writings of the it , this also a direction last .
- has treaty of is the brain ?
to think that he feel what that seems that should feel in the at in that is something ?
- that is a good idea , still not what we tried .
here this another challenge with the that we that fight for much time , how to that a person with set in a space very reduced creates that is to a space open , almost without end . we working also in the idea of the tapes of those ( not as the of the writings ) , platforms it , as the of the skies hired .
for now , is the brain not is so easy , still there that work for many years .
that is what that ago attractive the work with the reality virtual for the researchers , that many things are in a state of total mindset .
pleased staff writings in place of culture - Rosbalt.ru
&quot; writings &quot; continues the project &quot; writings of st petersburg &quot; , dedicated to the citizens that are ahead , to the we the art and of the culture .
in this list of the best are it such the art and the on of st petersburg , whose achievements come more beyond of the city and to often are recognition in europe without that russia the i even .
the new hero of &quot; writings &quot; is the writings raised writings miller .
all the city knows to writings miller , a man writings sterckx of red of it is , the that can find close the museum russian , close the garden of summer or in meetings of fashion and writings .
the which of writings miller always by to meant , where i that displayed .
writings miller is one of these writings purely writings of st petersburg , policy of new writings .
writings miller is a of representative the writings of st petersburg of end of the 80 - principles of the 90 .
also , is a man urban , whose emergence in the streets of the city repayment in the inhabitants half and was to all the state of mood .
recently , took in their hands a writings and became in the writings of st petersburg , already that has maturity for to so difficult role , for their existence bohemia , their philosophy and their image .
- writings , for what you for the city sterckx of red and not of writings or writings , for example ?
- writings the colour red because i european of fashion and i business to the such and to the image .
in this world , the colour red is a compromise between the raised , the policy of images and the society .
although in the society , all what that not be a little turned for high and extremely of properties nothing good .
but my situation are addressed to that we a conversation .
all the history of my actions approaching are a invitation the debate .
- when writings that writings be raised ?
- in a explanatory the palacio of culture writings , where writings my work .
i realised account of that that was my way .
then the wave of old artists not official had yet , and the new , free as i , were still writings .
i i friend of artists of the new wave , with the war to the that original in gaza and writings , that was to &quot; Pushkinskaya-10 &quot; , and already over the new wave .
i writings in the to for the clothes , the music of all the arts , but not for the number .
- and all this writings in your after of art ... - for me was important on in the centre cultural of st petersburg , where they it the best minds creative .
in 1995 , held a territory in Pushkinskaya-10 and there , while not had reforms , prime a club artistic music , a club writings , the house of the bohemia of st petersburg .
many born there and writings , writings writings , i the way in that writings brought the project to &quot; the ear of will bold &quot; .
writings and their friends writings much whether under available , writings jeans take , between they was the currently composer of fashion borys writings .
when the group started to on in live , became in &quot; writings &quot; .
writings was writings of many programmes before of the times of Hali-galivskih .
they we to writings and was the start of their great career ; the education basic and training the received of us .
just &quot; one 137 &quot; , the &quot; club writings , are the from of the after the art .
there you our employees and customers writings .
i a hero the century last , when the culture this something .
in the year 2000 , the survey was in the press , the prize was &quot; the people of our city &quot; .
in the for &quot; raised the year &quot; i elected i , end my culmination .
in these new times not is comfortable work ; i i a man the that he like the truth , the honesty and the culture the century last .
in our times is easy done popular , but the culture and the popularity will separate . one can be popular but very little one's .
- there in your work something he .
- many of my union are writings , in them expressed clearly the now and the explained .
i to to a explanatory certain , &quot; the museum russian in along &quot; .
the along are a category writings .
i before was or , but now be is painful and so .
but in the along all writings and the tragedy your .
i love what johannesburg , i ideas writings .
for example , the run the world by a change totalitarian and for of clothes .
now to one what still for the clothes , greener in what external , but not in the internal of the person .
and , such time to that person not he should or give the hand , but writings in the face .
and the fair be when change of clothes .
- ago little you we in the role of writings urban . - a city cultured must have a hero .
it who better that i for authorised writings
- well but , to what better the art trade can be beautiful ?
- now the art trade must be careful , fresh , have you .
we being we of the disintegration of the cultures .
before the people writings in writings , the writings wanted a it , the writings other .
now all have divided in writings , is difficult please to all .
not i a ticket of hundred usd for writings to all .
now there that think to who your reports .
now , every hero of one's has their 100 stayed .
- it and for listen to writings writings come for thousands writings
- will to see the had , there works the sphere sexo-social .
and to a event cultural will 300 people , 10 billion never proposals . as result , less management , less money , all writings .
i to my stayed , what more important is not incorrect , not to to lose what that you achieved .
when was young was such which that a writings the writings the in the wall the side of steel and writings .
i i with union , with the that for what general the people expires .
now to often particular the effective .
say culture impoverishment , culture of consumption .
not there no culture in the consumption , that is other history .
i i a man of the culture of yesterday , up under the example of artists that living in the poverty and writings in the poverty , obstruct the money only for paint which .
i i to favour of this culture .
- writings , what is what that he lack to st petersburg ?
- good experts in culture .
there a concept and official of the culture .
but not all they can dedicated to the culture .
when the pagan were the fish all was of other way , the pagan such time not evidence very well the culture , but knew that was necessary to to the experts fish .
in moscow now there very good recommended .
we people in st petersburg that well could be experts , but are closed , because need experts to a level higher that consider correctly to for and they open way .
now is writings the pleased staff writings .
what same writings , but the difference is that they say quite that not all the art modern is accepted , there some artists that have that find other cultural .
- what is for it st petersburg ?
- st petersburg not is a capital cultural . in moscow there great more culture , there there on .
but on our stones is difficult that the art inclination .
need on cultural and we now more existing that readers , this is .
in europe there a lot of people with curious that is to planned and testing .
in our case , this kind is tiny .
we that to that the art is of fashion , as what was to at the century last .
the project hills with a subsidy of st petersburg .
give to light in the writings
the earth is in danger .
warming global or or with a unmanned sight .
increase of dozen various with human to then proceed in for of a planet of parts .
for be the humanity ago the question main and how continue the kind in conditions of resignation or in the same planet of parts ?
i that there little where choose .
of fact , only two are real writings that can be writings , the less writings .
&quot; these are mars's and staff &quot; , says the way head the institute astronomic state , writings P.K. ( writings ) , vladimir writings .
but if the conditions in staff are best for the life , in the area of mars's the temperature is of 500 degrees .
only can live to large aeroplanes or in the orbit of mars's ... in the space .
started to we the problems of reproduction in the space with the flora .
ago already a century that were to out experiments with plants .
four generations of now played in orbit not every in nothing of the varieties reminded .
after wine the rearing of there in the orbit , small crack of the fruit , the writings .
in 1979 were the space eggs of turtle for to how be the an in conditions of resignation .
helps as result a writings normal .
but then start the problems .
&quot; the problem is in that this writings has that find support , must is on their own feet and start to moving &quot; , is vladimir writings , the director the laboratory the institute of problems writings ( writings ) of the academy of sciences of russia .
the not find support , the writings they writings the gambling .
and after of 10 hours in the on born was a writings total of the a .
the writings not did to the light or the were .
and the to was that the out of four days simply writings .
&quot; and two sometimes we that writings the writings , but then what we because was impossible work there with they &quot; , , is vladimir writings on failure the experiment with the writings in the space .
the last time that a &quot; writings &quot; is flew to the orbit was ago 16 years .
in the spring the 2013 will the experiments .
without embargo , in the writings &quot; writings &quot; only travel species of a same sex .
there a experiment with muskrats , that were for the space already with tissue .
in principle , not found nothing writings .
&quot; this was precisely in the writings , but this was a experiment only , and studies as this must be to out &quot; , is vladimir writings .
after the soft , the muskrats various had cloned .
without embargo , still not has have we the problem of the reproduction directly in the space .
is a challenge difficult .
the animals , the lose their they customary , simply not can to their he sexual .
the man , without embargo , to difference of the small animals , in principle , can .
the writings writings has the reasoning abstract and is able of create a fund emotional appropriate .
experiments similar not for to out for reasons ethical .
but the women travel the space since ago already 50 years .
the greater risk what happened writings .
and what more thing that has the humanity is the atomic sometimes .
our writings flying , and no in the earth could say and if is after of a flight the space .
will or not have a baby after of this flight .
&quot; after of all , to this question no has responded &quot; , is the old the sector aerospace writings writings .
in june of 1964 , only after of a year the flight the space , the first woman writings , writings writings , was to light to a daughter .
the father of the her , writings writings , was also writings .
in 1988 , the second woman writings , svetlana writings , who two sometimes was in orbit and even worked in the space open , had a son .
without embargo , the risk are .
we few , are mr yuschenko the gone to who after of long flights all they has result well , and a generation harmonious is growing .
&quot; and if can say more , is dangerous even in flights writings &quot; , welcomed the pilot writings , hero of the union soviet , hero of russia , writings writings .
without embargo , the humanity must find some new in the biotechnology , in the protection radiation , in the creation of the patient's artificial .
the writings the centre of preparation of writings is a stage compulsory in the preparation for the flight .
in conditions of writings court's , the writings taking their skills of work in the space .
the water writings the resignation .
if for a adult the water is a environment comfortable , although still hostile , for a child on born is their element very .
the small hombres-anfibio seem confirmed that the life in the earth and the on .
there a connection between the fact of that the baby who approximately 9 months within of their mother in the danish writings , because he will more easy used then the water .
in principle , this is it , because since the at the birth to the at the first bathing spend only 2 weeks .
&quot; this is very little for forget something &quot; , says father’s writings , writings of aspiring of on born .
in synopsis , if the resignation is a state more natural for a on born , for the women is necessary the writings , the force of the patient's .
in the resignation the truly of and of the writings writings very faster , the capacity of from the gets reduces .
good , writings that , have in the action of terms for the childbirth .
can , for of , give to light in a house special , this what writings .
&quot; and then what ? &quot; , writings writings ago this original question .
for other part , the child also needs patient's artificial .
without the feeling of patient's , the atomic not generated the spine or the system writings .
to a on born in orbit is impossible writings with a and special for writings , as to the adults .
simply he pass of what that is vital for he .
&quot; and this experiment that we to to together , the allow the birth of a child in a environment strange , will place to that bring to the earth to a person , to a person totally suit &quot; , but the head the committee of both the institute of problems writings of the academy of sciences of russia , borys writings .
for now , the birth of children in the space is a question theoretical .
without embargo , with the time this will a reality , when the human human in their dozen countries’ to a planet situations that will the home for their children born in the space .
head of writings and the inspection the system &quot; writings &quot; not has given with the political writings
in on of procedures public , the republic czech account with good inspectors and a legislation of quality , although their application writings .
what that waiver writings , of of the office of control by ( writings ) in a interview for Aktuálně.cz.
&quot; the law never will perfect &quot; , but their application must be right . &quot; this is , in my opinion , what that we lack &quot; , describes the situation current .
the controls joint of the inspectors czechs and germans also come to conclusions similar .
as example of a practice eu , mentioned the attitude of writings writings towards the system of be independent only on the role , that knows as the system &quot; writings &quot; .
the first minister said recently that the writings ( party democratic czech ) not writings to the employers with inspectors . then , is banned or allowed ?
&quot; the law must be what of some way and if banning something , in that case , or the president the government can prevent the action of the office that has the duty of to these controls or demand obligations &quot; , note writings .
in the meeting of the commission of control in the congress of the members , Ud. spoke the project common between the team czech and the german , in the framework the which cemetery the legislation which to the procedures public in both countries .
what is exactly ?
is of a control parallel that we to to ago a two years .
said of way have and the legislation european writings how must organise the procedures public , to this he still the legislation force in every country and , after , the practice in .
us what we the all and , although the control still not has still , we obtained differences very interesting . generally , the legislation of our country is &quot; more strict and more full &quot; , without embargo , the practice concrete in some parameters is better in germany .
that , because , that not enough with in rules every time more stricter , but that is necessary on in the application of the law same .
what can give of fact this project ? what believes that are the conclusions ?
precisely a control common of this kind could help to that we of invest efforts in the to of the laws , the reduction and the improvement of the limits , although this not have a impact so positive .
the economy the savings means to a it proper to a price it ( what that not always means that the price be the more under ) for avoid the enrichment and , to the long , the actions criminal .
but not for the fact of reduce the limit of the procedures to say that we to this .
perhaps because the system is far with and &quot; tendering &quot; , that those that want find for in the system be do more easily that if the limits circumstances so higher as now .
Ud. about of the problems of our country with the transfer of the legislation that regulates the writings of the procedures public .
how works the system of controls in germany ?
is a office analogous to our writings or i of other way ?
in how to the offices , as the writings , there it the writings ( court federal of auditors ) , with a organisation similar to the our , with a school also , what only is that in their case is tune of a way a and different , but in principle both offices time at .
also the powers are to true point writings , without embargo , in and that germany has a organisation federal , the courts of auditors are even to this level . in this aspect from to of our system .
the court federal of auditors ( writings ) only can control the money federal , what that here we funds state .
the funds public , that are administered for the regions and the municipalities , there , in germany , control in the court federal of auditors .
in as to the legislation local , is more simple that the our ?
for what general , not i like establish a compared without data specific . not but , germany still being a model in some aspects , but not can legislative with have in what is better .
could be better , for example , in as to the quality of the inspectors ?
that sure that not , but , i , not i like to this kind of comparisons .
is necessary say that even those countries that we as model must to with to a great number of problems .
if not outside , not they would no benefit work with our office , not believes ?
in as to the legislation of our country , what meant for their office the amendment of law on the procedures public ? exists of some way their these ?
with in account that the period of validity of this amendment is relatively short , still not has about in the were of control .
given that we controls former , is be have with a true delay .
for now , were in the process of preparation of the controls future and we on a new tool of &quot; detection of risks not economic &quot; , for the that we fact it almost 14.000 procedures public , that have been considered . the changes will perfectly reflected here , already that are the limits , hypocrite the conditions of some types the process of selection and similar .
as that the discharge of this law is such or that , more well , is a large for the system bureaucratic ?
i that this law is this a step in the direction right and i that be .
the problem that can made is that the regulation &quot; am &quot; and that be impossible you .
already with the regulation previous , the people controlled were linked the contractor ( for example , in the case of the programmes operational regional the council regional ) , and every law not respected in on of procedures public this the violation of the discipline budget .
has sense then tighten the law of this way ?
i that not of this way .
the system must exclude to those that want writings or so of he and not punish to those that commit a ruling formal , that not has these in the taking of decisions .
a system of this kind only will create a greater pressure responsible .
and how is of this ?
we towards where we has this way on .
the first minister has declared recently that the writings not writings to the employers with controls the called system writings , with reference the fact of be independent only on the role . what means this ?
the system writings &quot; is banned or allowed ?
the law must be what of some way and , if banning something , then or even the first minister the government can prevent the action of the office that has the duty of to these controls and demand obligations .
can say and &quot; writings the law and what we &quot; , but not can say that we as if nothing .
in the law on the procedures public , the regulation is quite strict in as the way in that must act formally . and is as must be for protect the competition public .
but , for another side , is tragic that be the candidate with the better supply for not to the requirements formal .
the law never will perfect , but their application must be right . this is , in my opinion , what that we lack .
the roads about on of ice , although in their majority are writings
in several places of the republic czech the roads about on of ice and of snow .
although the majority of the are passable , in some must also the precautions .
region of writings writings
today for the tomorrow the roads in the region of writings writings were passable , but were on of ice and of snow .
the temperature unemployment and abolition between five and ten degrees under zero . for the day current to the thermometers .
has longer of writings in the region and in the areas low the as of snow is thin .
in change , in the writings of the to square the snow with almost the 30 centimetres .
in some places the visibility was still bad to cause of the fog , according the information the centre of control of operations of the roads of the region .
the to swift R6 and the road of first category in the region are now passable without restrictions .
without embargo , recommends best the precautions , on all in some bridges whose area can be writings and be writings .
also , also are passable all the of second and third category , including the roads of mountain .
not but , in some of them still there at with from of ice and snow writings .
is be increase the attention in the road , on all in the areas more one .
region of writings and writings writings
in some roads of bohemia eastern there danger of frost and in areas more one and in the of can have formed a as of snow in the , reports in their pages the direction of roads and accompanied .
the later of roads a to the drivers on the danger that go on of ice , particularly in areas more one of the region of writings .
can happen frost in the vicinity of writings , writings writings writings , writings , writings or writings writings , and on all in the roads of second and third category .
the roads i / 43 and i / 34 in writings have been treated tempting .
there snow particularly in the roads of the of of writings to writings writings .
there a as of snow writings in the areas more are of the roads in the municipalities of writings writings writings and writings .
in the area of the bohemia eastern , the sky will today between fundamental and partially writings , without snowfalls .
the temperatures writings for what general between three under zero and a degree positive , writings a wind weak .
region of writings
the roads in the region of writings are passable today for the tomorrow , although be also the precautions and will necessary adapt the time .
in the first hours of the tomorrow will frost , the temperatures writings between three and nine degrees under zero .
after of the gambling and the subsequent drop of the temperatures , some also could be area of ice .
in some places the drivers find with fog , but the visibility will progressively .
this is what that from of the information the centre of control of operations of roads of the region .
the social D5 is writings almost without restrictions , although recommends best the precautions , on all in the to between the a 80 and 131 .
the area of the majority of the roads of first category is dry and without ice .
in the area of the road of writings and writings is with germany can have at with on of ice .
the of second and third category are quite , for what that , in this case , also points of at with on of ice .
the drivers should be more careful , particularly in the less crowded in the area of writings .
region of writings
the drivers that countries’ to the areas more one of the region of writings find with snow partially discarded .
after the treatment chemical , still was snow in the port of writings and in the to in direction to writings writings .
the later of roads were the snow for the night ; in the road of writings causing a three centimetres of snow , according the infrastructure of the .
in the rest of the region , the majority of are passable without restrictions .
&quot; in the areas more are of the road of writings , are from of snow .
the drivers in the port of writings find with snow a discarded in direction to writings &quot; , has confirmed today a involuntary of the administration of roads of writings to the writings .
on the on and of night who to the writings also their colleagues and , after the treatment chemical , the pistes of the areas more are are now writings and labelled .
in the road of writings the are passable without restrictions , in the of writings the drivers should lead with precautions in the at forestry , where the still remains quite .
region of writings writings writings and region of writings
the operators of the roads the north of bohemia have reported on complications in different at to first time of the tomorrow .
from of some places in the that has believer or celebrated , according the basis of data of the police the road of mountain between writings and writings in the region of writings writings writings is closed .
the temperatures are under zero , even in the areas more low , for what that the ice and the snow obviously remain in the is . in change , in the areas more low , particularly in the to the had central czech , not there problems and the roads , for what general , are writings .
for the writings not have were complications of service .
the operators of roads have your of the presence of ice in the surrounding of writings .
according the writings , the conditions have been ideals for the night . for the day expected rain and snow that melting and for the night the sky will fundamental and will ice .
since the roads general have announced conditions unfavourable in the road i / 13 , in the border between the region of writings writings writings and czech .
the road between writings and writings had that be cut for the should of the trees that had writings on the to with the weight of the snow .
writings writings and in our testing we necessary energy writings
says that in little less of a month is to to the end the world , what is on this ?
only is a of between many other news scare to the that we like writings .
the group of music the writings writings we like more well to harder on this and we like say that we the only group of music the world that basic it enough energy positive for postpone the end the world or for are .
also , in december writings a project really original and three testing against the end the world .
can explain to our readers ?
is of a an proven state that we long since ago two years .
we we to take the potential of marketing that has the end the timetable writings wording for the 21 of december to the 11 and 10 of the tomorrow .
the day previous , the 20 of december to the 21 hours , international 3 testing simultaneous in prague , about and writings .
writings approximately to the same time in the that expires the timetable writings in the island writings , in the on pacific , 12 hours for ahead of our area somehow .
to who he happened this idea ?
at was idea grandparents' , after were offer the project all together with our european writings writings .
also of to it enough energy positive and avoid the end the world , also we think , together with the society , on the state in that we the world to our children .
with opportunity the end the timetable writings also we created a set only of articles and shoes , cheap , pockets and original plastic against the end the world that can they in www.e-tap.cz , other way of them .
the group the writings writings , together with other interpreters , also sung the called anthem against the end the world , that has for title &quot; end the world , he &quot; .
currently is very popular in employ , will hear in the testing poverty ?
clear that , and will just the last , good , always that all a well and not in the world ...
the will all the interpreters the same time in the three testing .
the decided writings between simultaneously thank to the broadcasting special in direct in the television czech .
writings writings has written the letter of this song and addressed the role a of eruption in the writings , where also along writings x ...
how and this cooperation ?
we together even with other mr of the on cultural czech , from of organise many acts poverty and testing ...
we all our as in participate in this project .
has shown that to the majority of they they interested and they learning work with us .
to what will the money raised in the testing against the end the world ?
to equipment for the centre education without barriers writings , that we to term in their sixth year a with the partnership civil writings in writings writings .
the at of the school of writings writings receive regularly the visit of teachers with the that place activities humorous and interesting .
the at not do of means economic sufficient for pay to the teachers and we a writings for do possible .
in the framework of the completion of the works in writings writings , there a building independent the that we writings with this project .
in every appropriate which several groups and interpreters .
what are the criteria of selection ?
we up a programme that be attractive for all the generations , including the children .
for example , in prague writings writings , writings writings , writings with give writings , the writings writings , writings writings and absolutely writings .
for obtain information more detailed , look!" consultation www.kpks.cz.
you planned any other &quot; action witnessed &quot; similar in the future ?
in may leave for first time in the festival writings writings , that here this legislative a programme attractive with invited interesting .
the year that is also we like on in the writings couple myself of new york and to me , personally , advantage that we in states united , i like amplify with were in washington and in writings .
writings plans in the abroad not are precisely writings , to now you acted for example in madrid , brussels , london or moscow .
the writings writings is , not but , a group formed for people with disabilities .
how is the logistics and the organisation of these travel ?
not is so difficult how can a to first a .
there five member in his of wheelchair power , the chairs must travel in the which for stricter and also we much weight , the boxes with the instruments ...
without embargo , to now we the we managed well . writings and british airways were perfectly prepared , it that not leaves of puzzles .
even in moscow , of where we on ago little , went all without problems .
thank to the outlet the abroad look!" compare the different attitudes of the society towards the disabled and other aspects .
with what the you found to now ?
in madrid , luxembourg , london and other cities , all works better that here ; in russia we been we of that , in the this , is much way for go .
to difference of prague , moscow is full of barriers , there still without be among that a person wherever one for the centre of the city in a his of wheelchair power .
something so aware as is , for example , give preference to someone in his of wheelchair in lift , there not what is .
for fate , has created a partnership civil that strives for writings the problems of the people with disabilities .
in what aspects we take example of countries more ahead ?
there many aspects in the that we for behind ...
but is important mention that the as and the improvement of the situation always on of the people to the that affects directly .
in london and in madrid is very normal that the people with a disabilities serious wherever for their account in public and can go the service , the museum , where i ...
but not is very common that a great number of people with disabilities be in the life social of way active , in this aspect , with the writings writings it we a little for ahead writings
a society develop or without barriers is a it , but when will the at in the that so from athletes , artists , players , political or lawyers , will to change all of truth .
to now , are cases isolated of people that have a great force of will .
the group the writings writings is currently very popular , but if at a years back , what the was to be the group in 1998 ?
there as writings in writings writings , where had great people young to my around that wanted dedicated to something .
and since that i i as , if , between other , the writings , writings a group healthier with a area of work .
and with the time , as says our writings writings writings , we was a little of the hands ( laughter ) .
without embargo , the popularity not was to these last years , or i also ?
is truth that we helped quite the fact of connect with singers famous and also work actively for promoting the group .
we to the conclusion of that the work that not is , is as if not there .
thank to the aid of the union european , we afford also such of quality , equipment , etc.
had intention of to so far with the writings writings ?
since the principle i the potential that had , that can to something of another way .
the world the international is full of things that seem the to the other .
is it , to their way , all what new welcomes with caution and it much time in be .
there few things intervention , but i dare to say that the writings writings is a of them .
the impression of someone that we is for first time is clearly the compassion , is a reaction natural ...
but the compassion is totally superfluous because the people with disabilities not are human dumped that suffer and of the that should have compassion .
there people that is able of live a life full and develop , with the status , for of , of that so of the means necessary .
i always i that if something they is well to people with disabilities , then , not is only a progress for they , but for all the society .
helped the fact of that is Ud. a head highly , as he describes great people ?
if we to a work of quality , we that be rigorous in many aspects and demand certain discipline .
i that is completely normal .
some people come with a vision now and with the head in the clouds and when hear that have that their two days to bring , go to the proof preparatory and it much time moving and in testing , the euphoria initial they established quickly .
but is how works in all parties , in every group that to work and to something .
currently the group the writings writings has twenty member .
many of they were already in the beginning the year 1998 ?
only one and writings writings .
we a group open , the people get and is , not can avoid .
who have will and i will always the doors writings
will the day before the expected end the world , the thursday 20.12.2012 to the 21 writings
will place in the writings bit of prague , in writings of about and in writings in writings and will 12 groups and other musicians of the republic writings
the three cities connected the end of the memorable to through of features for who together the song the group the writings writings &quot; end the world , he &quot;
the aim the appropriate is it the resources necessary for finance equipment system the centre education without barriers writings in writings writings of prague , whose cost is to 25 million of billion tune .
the entry the appropriate costs 400 writings and the children to 12 years have entry free in the option of sale early in writings
poland and the writings .
in the meeting of ministers of the countries of the agency space european held the week last accepted to poland as to member of the that . is the second country member of the that the former block of europe the this , after of the republic czech , that became in member full the 12 of november of 2008 ) .
poland was a intensive cooperation with the that in the year 1994 and for the years war was in the commission of projects of the agency .
without embargo , the way of poland towards the writings began much before .
the enthusiasts polish already and to the flights the space before of the second war world , although not always set their work .
i , for example , the conference of A. writings in the centre astronomic of warsaw in the that , the 6 of december of 1933 , presented their ideas on the study pioneering &quot; introduction to the writings &quot; .
the ideas the young engineer ( born the 1905 ) left to the parliamentary deaf and , years after , writings us that the Dr. jan writings had been the only that had shown interest in their work .
in the year 1934 writings was in france the prize robert Esnault-Pelterie and andré writings for their &quot; introduction to the writings &quot; .
the doctor jan writings ( 1899 - 1966 ) , mentioned previously , became more afternoon in a great ecall of the space and of the writings .
published hundreds of articles in periodicals polish and wrote a series of books feel to this discipline scientific .
writings became in a promoter of the writings , was known in all the world and their contribution to the science to writings when was their name to one of the writings of the face hidden of the a .
already in the year 1925 was in poland a writings that was to be effective of a engine of rockets .
unfortunately , has who was the author of the proposal and not know the writings the project .
not is clear if the rocket was to be used for the start of the writings or for their while .
the information on this writings is to the collection in the press of the time .
to from the year 1933 the it polish began to dedicated to the missiles .
the research was funded for the writings writings writings in cooperation with the writings . writings writings and writings . writings writings .
to from the material internationally , ago clear that the research was the strasbourg of the evidence practices .
not but , with the arrival of the troops german , was the research .
in the year 1937 disturbed in the press telling the prototype of a missile of a writings designed for the engineer writings and the year next was published the study &quot; writings - writings writings i writings writings &quot; , the author Leliwa-Krzywoblocki .
both projects were for the use military of the engines for missiles .
little before of the war , the committee advisory scientific interim ( writings writings Doradczo-Naukowy ) was of all the projects of techniques of missiles for use military and writings all the work .
the committee was founded in 1937 , but after of two years of activity , to interrupted for the beginning of the war .
other studies feel to the writings appeared in the press polish after of the war thank the work of the society polish of writings ( writings writings writings ) .
in the issue of november of 1954 of the magazine writings ago reference for first time to the society with four articles very huge feel to the writings .
in one of they , the writings . M. writings , proposed the creation of a society that devoted to the writings .
in that time already had since in set projects of satellite european and was obvious that the research cosmic was a discipline with prospects of future .
since principles of 1956 the society polish of writings ( writings ) some to be part of the federation international of writings ( based in 1951 ) and in autumn of that same year the writings became in member full .
the year next the first president of the writings , writings writings ( 1902 - 1959 ) , happened to be the of of the federation international of writings .
occupy this he to their death in 1959 .
to from the 1956 , the writings was of way significant in the development the rocket probe writings ( writings writings ) , that was a success and became in the first rocket polish in the that was to out research scientific .
the first kind RM-1 was still in 1957 and was for first time the 10 of october of 1958 .
the rocket had a changing of 1.800 metres , a 80 cm of length and not reached to the 5 extract of weight .
more afternoon , end of to the version RM-1A and in summer of 1959 launched the evidence airlines of the rockets RM-2 of two stages in the desert of writings .
the rocket such 1,4 metres and writings a 11,5 kg.
another kind of rocket in development was to be the of study scientific real . the rocket RM-34 was to have a changing of 14,5 km and their mission would control the wind of and .
without embargo , in 1962 suspended the work .
the successor of the first rockets the kind writings was the rocket Meteor-1 , that was for the years 1962 and 1965 .
union as rocket of two stages , with a length total of 510 cm and a weight initial of 32,5 kg.
were three types ( leads Meteor-1A , -1B and -1C ) , that every between for the space available for the equipment scientists .
in the rocket Meteor-1A the space available for the volume was of 0,4 litres , in the Meteor-1B of 0,34 litres and in the Meteor-1C of 0,62 litres .
the changing maximum in the three types was of 37 km.
between the years 1965 and 1968 was in the institute air the rocket Meteor-2 , whose first evidence airlines launched in october of 1970 .
the rocket Meteor-2 had a weight initial of 380 extract and was able of a a weight useful of 10 extract to 60 km of and .
subsequently was the version Meteor-2H and Meteor-3 .
is necessary mention also the entry of poland in the writings ( writings for area help ) in the year 1960 and the training the committee national of writings two years after .
in the framework the programme writings , poland joined to the research the space writings on satellite european soviet and , in the year 1978 , the pilot polish writings writings became in the second writings after of remek .
the suspension of the law on work social not is the solution .
the week last the trial constitutional then the law writings social .
the resolution much a hot discussion in the society .
since then will interesting look the face existing since a point of a more broad .
the systems economic liberals in the eu , as that in the world globalised , based in the principle of a greater competition economic and less regulation .
in result , this means that the different forms economic and the systems economic national are in conflict permanent between .
the cause is in the principle the free trade and the movement free and unlimited of capital private , together with the speculation financial unbridled .
the effect of the large differences in the cost labour ( of the wages ) there tensions economic .
under this concept is necessary understand the situation in the that the manufacturer , with the importing of goods eur , to the reducing and for this &quot; leads a writings &quot; the price the country's with the aim of done with the greater part the market and , of this way , increase their for of benefits .
to great at means , for the majority of the employers , and the production the abroad , buy there more cheaper or well should . the result is a unemployment high in those countries in the that the price the work , in compared with other economies , is more high .
because to that the capital private not has responsibility social any and , with this , not is for the unemployment that this a generated , overall necessarily the spending social the state .
all this situation leads the total unwillingness of the employers for pay tax and for the damage economic and social that have led in their efforts of obtain benefits .
the situation is universally so known that not is necessary present data statistics specific .
the practices little exploit the capital private for situations , in certain economies , in the that the governments of these countries are forced to compete with the aim of reduce artificially the level social of the own population and , of this way , by capital abroad the country .
said of other way , the governments are capital private to available of their own population without have in account the decline social .
this ago patent on all in the changes of the laws existing .
the aim is force to the population to that accept the dictated the capital private , on all in what that as to the wages .
this has place , for a part , by the system of duty economic in the case of unemployment of long is ; for other , by the right restricted of the employees in as to rights labour .
the result is a poverty increasing together with the increase of the differences between poor and rich .
since ago a series of years , there in germany points of over of food for people poor that not can is with their own work .
the number of people that receive this kind of aid comes already the million .
in the framework the increase of the competitiveness of the economy german , there a case quite among and people employed with a salary so under that the state must pay the rest for to the minimum order for survive .
was public a scandal of this kind connected with the situation of the employees additional the parliament federal german .
the measures of savings of practically all the states the southern of the eu gets , without place to doubt , to the same situation . the people , pressured for a decline writings of their level social , are forced to leave as in the century twentieth or to writings with a salary horrendous in the limit of the society , with the hope of that some day will the country capital recognised private .
is necessary writings of where is ?
in the case of that on of other countries of the eu , then the poverty is of a country to another or not comes never , since that chinese , red , brazilian , turkish , moroccan , egyptians or african still working for a tiny part of a salary european .
this also affects to all america latin .
the theories liberals and the means of communication practical to the at that the state not should give capital to the economy , that it the economy leads to their failure .
the capital private from with tooth and and the view of that the state not should intervene in the economy writings in the control .
to then , is necessary we if the capital private not will with their founded in the set policy and , for surrender , in all the state .
in this case the response is clearly maintaining .
the proof is the existence of influence , in the practice very powerful and writings , in all the states .
the result is a situation desperate that exists in the area of the corruption , in the things social , in a legislation that is practically poor in all parties but not is regarded .
in germany the situation is the next and the czech state , to lack of means financial , with the significant of projects of law to companies legal private , the which are to often linked with the industry .
this kind of projects of law are able after in the who , the parliament german .
of this way , all the power not from the people , such and as keeps in the constitutions of the democracies western , but of the strong groups financial that represent their own interests .
is obvious that the democracies with a are liberal are quickly in a situation how the that describes writings in their work the crisis of the republic seen in times of things and writings and &quot; the state was time writings and the governments held to the force &quot; .
to change of bribery , things investigation writings and aid for finance stones or much .
the using and the corruption spread without from any and the people congressional to the turned with the vote writings of advance &quot; ... &quot; not had people with are that writings to a since in the administration , that a time , to cause of this disarray , the state was eight months without consuls &quot; ... &quot; began to summit in serious of that the only be for a situation so serious was the both and that was necessary pick a man solving &quot; ... although writings thought in writings , things power the power and into the democracy for always in both .
the conclusion , the same way that in the about , is that the society current on in preferences writings the benefit individual without have in account the interests common .
the capital private not is able , in their essence , of understand and demand the benefits of all the society .
the result is the same that the of then , a decline of the elite without unprecedented , without that therefore a effort for taking in depth .
the causes the rise of the regimes past and communists must for , for what and , in the liberalisation unbridled of the systems economic in the century twentieth and by .
with respect to the situation current , is possible be the disappearance of these systems in benefit of a democracy of kind liberal , as a christmas lack , to the expected the next coup .
the fact really writings is that the elite current ignores for completely the losses of hundreds of thousands in lives , disasters social and humanitarian of the that we been we , as the crimes against the humanity , such and as the we in the history former and the more recent .
the suspension of the law on procedures public not is the solution ; the less not to long the .
under pressure of the competition economic , and to level international as within of the eu , the government of the republic czech will forced to continue for other for reduce the level social of the population .
this trend is , for what and , both .
the solution is for reforms writings specific , that to and the participation the capital the state as the influence of the citizens in the government and that support the position of monopoly the capital private in the society in benefit the state .
israel and the laboratory the chaos .
&quot; that writings writings god! writings and writings writings could &quot; ( not arises nothing of the violence and nothing could do ) , writings in their song writings and whose rapporteur latin &quot; writings &apos; lines: do not writings writings writings we committee &quot; ( not we forget of what dispatched that we ) .
&quot; if my children not like wars , not would no &quot; writings writings , wife of mayer writings writings , in their sea of death in the year 1849 .
after of the last apply of violence between israel and the in of gaza , have emerged , as always , reactions various .
a , the side of israel , going to favour the right of without and writings to the palestinians in the role of terrorists . the other supports to the palestinians and alleges racism for part the state of israel , genocide perpetrated against arab palestinians and accordingly to israel of state terrorist .
not i to in who is guilty of the massacres that occurring where and who is the victim . the end and the out , the citizens of today in day of israel , including the territories those , born within of the situation policy current and not lived the beginning of the violence .
my intention is offer to the readers a look behind the iron , a look for be who out to of the tensions that which since ago 95 years ( calculated to from of the declaration balfour in november of 1917 ) in a small area of earth the middle a .
some of my considerations based in facts historical , other in conclusions to the that i come on the basis of my own way of understand the matter , on who or what group of people is the ecall main of the events of the history modern .
in the history of the humanity the history of the struggles for the power is in first line .
in every time we find a alexander by or a rostopchine .
but what that already not is so clear is if always were these people the that as their steps of way autonomous or if behind of their heir had someone that writings their actions towards a at aim .
we accept that we in a time that which the wealth the world in the hands of a few individuals and that to this concentration of money and the power that this means , not has been to in a one generation .
of between these families writings richest highlights a that could be the more prominent ( if still there someone behind , not what know , but not what may ) and the writings .
not chapter much to close of they .
of .
in the years 90 the century twentieth writings the first agency of news ( going ) for that should of suggestions their name with acts criminal of great patient's . the power and the wealth , or both , they covered the back , it that for they always meant a in .
have comes important in almost all the banks power the world and in those countries in the that not are represented , has declared or is for a war and before the attack to afghanistan were 7 countries , after the attack of iraq were 5 , after of bring to gaddafi only were four , but project russia has into the bank central the government russian .
all who that has tried oppose to this family has died .
writings writings refused to renew the state the bank central extolls of highlighted of the writings , began for the war of writings to this money and was murdered in 1865 in the to .
writings started to this money and wanted suspending the system of reserve federal ( must ) and was murdered in 1963 ; the us writings writings was poisoned the year 1936 after of to against to the must for have a the great crisis economic the year 1929 .
their efforts for the power world they was for the years 1859 - 1871 to for a plan with three wars global , designed for the writings au wealthy , writings with the degree 33 .
the first war marked as aim eliminate the large states writings in all europe ; the second wanted eliminate the supremacy colonial , particularly of great britain , and the third proposed reduce the population of the earth between a million and billion million of people ( such amount of lagos for their welfare and luxury would and not writings many resources ) , also of the creation of a religion universal ( the writings not is nothing more that a preliminary for such solution ) and the adoption final of the powers absolute .
the method with the that system the group of the families more richest , together with the writings , still the too the releasing of crisis and the subsequent send of a solution ( the writings writings - order to from the chaos ) .
these solutions are , without embargo , wrong , and these always a in of the situation . if not , enough remember that the must was created for that not wish a crisis as the the year 1907 .
that , after the success the murder the as the heir austro-húngaro , area ferdinand , in sarajevo and after of that , to as of this , eu the first war world , terrible the russia tsarist with the beginning of the revolution bolshevik .
the first war world over of way cabotage and institutionally since the point of a military and economic , the fraga of germany ( the wars for an with the russia tsarist were already unnecessary ) and the subsequent country of the great power of europe central , the rule Austro-Húngaro .
for preparation the on of the second war world , monopolistic that the bankers and political fault , of way civil , a situation escalating to as of the enormous repairs of war imposed on germany , with what that were the conditions optimum for the radicalisation of the there — . subsequently , they was with serve to the germans the solution the writings , that was what enough strong and just and than to guilty , and to after a czechoslovakia of for several nationalities with a strong minority german that should represent and was so well the role of the fifth spine , that set the is and was the outbreak of the war .
the end the century twentieth , the writings boosted the foundation the movement writings , a we that some to the training of a state jewish , preferably in the region of the former writings with jerusalem as capital ( return the writings ) .
the declaration balfour in previously laid the a for the immigration mass of jews to palestine and began the first conflicts with the population arab the place .
have attacks terrorists in both parties .
writings the second war world and is difficult know if defeat it too of the to to the that what they form the bankers international in a principle or if all what that was was part of a plan . without embargo , the suffering of the jews european in the camps of concentration was the conditions optimum for the acceptance the state jewish in the society world .
israel was founded officially in 1948 and , of way similar the way in that the repairs of war imposed to germany paved the way towards the second war world , with the proclamation the state of israel was the we for a third war .
if the bankers international writings writings , the nation jewish , the as that in the second war world , become in victim in first line of which , now together with the population arab or , generally , muslim the middle a .
israel is a laboratory immense , a machine of writings and chaos , not only in the framework of their country , but also to at international . take as example how into of way civilian the covenant and opponents of israel .
who is guilty and who is the victim in the conflict palestino-israelí ? where the injustice rise injustice in a spiral of violence of , if the beginning of all was the greed of some individuals and their efforts for the power world ?
in this point is necessary distinguish between the inhabitants of israel and their it , because , the as that is in our country , the bankers international only about to their candidates in the elections .
the current president of israel B. netanyahu is the typical example of political undemocratic , loyal to the bankers international , that ago all what possible for declare the war to iran and , considering that iran is member of the organisation of cooperation of eastern ( china , india , russia , pakistan ... ) , threaten in become in a conflict global and , if we in account that iran control the precarious of writings , for where is the 20 % of all the oil world ( the currently of navigation has only two miles of gauge ) , would to the destruction of the economy world .
under what light show now the words that he david writings in 1994 and &quot; what only that need is a crisis general and the people will of agreement with a new order world . &quot;
the new order world in their imagination is a world of mr and lagos .
a world in the that the rest of the population of to a handful of people that are part of the aristocracy financial well south .
a world in the that to every new individual he effects a chip the have that control all their be .
&quot; and forced to all , small and large , rich and poor , free and lagos , to have a ce in the hand right or in the with , to not power buy or sell , to not be that eu the name of this people or the figures of their name .
is necessary must and who have two it of with , that increasing the numbers of this people .
the number ce to the person and this number is writings sixty and six &quot; .
film certain and if are oil , himself to writings
in november of 1979 a group of the demonstration of students on very the embassy american in tehran and took 52 writings as hostages .
their that in freedom was to be to change the writings writings mohammed writings writings , the which after of the revolution bakiyev to EE.UU , country that had consideration their regime for decades .
for the administration american the situation not as no we positive and throwing the writings for the thrown not what could allow , since that , if what was , were in danger the confidence of their allies in other countries .
but the that in freedom of the hostages in iran , where the revolution had led in the constitution the regime theocratic , not was to their it .
was a coup the prestige of the states united , that subsequently intensified still more with the attempt failed of release to the hostages for the force .
the diplomats imprisoned were released 444 days after of the intervention negotiating the government of algeria .
in EE.UU. , their destination caused a wave of solidarity and bear against iran .
the failure in iran played of way decisive to the defeat of carter carter with ronald reagan in the elections presidential of 1980 .
the film &quot; certain &quot; the director and actor ben writings writings a that of this history , that writings a small success for america .
little before of to the embassy , escaped six employees the building .
after of a complicated writings , sooner in the residence of the embassy people .
cia , in cooperation with the authorities european , she life of iran , for this helped a history sight a point writings and spared with passports european , as member the team film that at the traceability in the country for the imagine of a writings of science doubt .
combination of writings
the plan that mr the expert in &quot; writings &quot; writings writings be the cooperation of hollywood .
for that the lie prompt singles , wrote on the project film in periodicals specialist , meetings conferences of press , the society of production writings had even a clearance real .
the details on the operation they in secret for much time , the film has fact to from of the memories of tony writings .
the film of writings is a combination peculiar of several arts .
for a side , a writings political realistic ; for another , a called &quot; writings writings &quot; , the history of a that that went well , a fair ( a example can be the series writings &apos; lines: writings ) .
in the film are the states of mood . are for a side sequences well dr of tehran . in the sequence of appropriations show pictures flagship of the time of the events , that were writings the same way in the film ; not there many differences to this on .
for the another , scenes authoritarian of hollywood a and more writings , emotionally for the irony and a you exaggeration .
and also , scenes of the central of the cia and other institutions and men writings that you the situation in the table of negotiations , in the corridors of the office , for on ...
ben writings has have into their career of a way excellent .
the actor , that had been the of mocked , has become in a director respectable and their way of act has longer of be the white of comments writings .
certain is their third writings , after of &quot; small , &quot; ( 2007 ) and the writings &quot; the writings . city of observes &quot; ( 2010 ) .
the same time , is the first film of writings in the that the action not has place in the city of boston , where label .
also , the sensitivity of on the atmosphere the place was a feature that putting to the directors of films former for above of standards of hollywood .
and writings what shows in certain , where tehran &quot; a &quot; in canada .
the best scenes of the film have place in the streets , in the reconstruction of the events writings . the sequence introductory of the taking of the embassy is impressive for their capacity writings that , the same time , writings the my the confusion and of the lack of foresight that arises when , in some place , the history it a step from .
writings and their also obtaining a effect similar in the scenes conjuring ( the team writings in the suicidal of tehran ) .
too action in many writings
the director had that accept the fact of that a history explained not provides much in the sense film of the scenes more schemers .
and the your quite well . to sometimes he they something to the reality and here not is all of way so you ( the on in that out the crisis in the airport of tehran , the address of a call to america and the for unbridled after their stand become in a madness ) .
the worthy of certain is the joint that arises of the need of show too action in many places .
alan writings and john take have a role very it as also of hollywood , although their people deserved more space and not are , or much less , the only in this writings .
for these for , the film of writings lose a little of further dramatic , but is a writings that can continue with a interest moderate , assess their also and the lifestyle writings of a writings that word the years 70 .
but that collapses , that will difficult .
as umpteenth of a history real and as proof of what bank that can be the notions of writings and writings of the services secret , is enough .
rules for the writings of skies , bananas and writings
the servant www.bankovnipoplatky.com , that every year there a survey on the rates giving more absurd , now has decided announce the any on &quot; the regulation or the ideas more absurd the workshop of the eu &quot; .
&quot; we happened after the last event , the eu has to approve a share the 40 for cent of women in jobs of direction in the large companies european &quot; , explained writings bluntly writings , the organizing of the survey .
between the writings writings is , for example , the recent decision the court european of unify the insurance of insurance between men and women .
to now , the women writings of best prices in the insurance of life because represent objective a risk a .
&quot; other ideas inflicted the workshop of the eu can be proposals for the people to end of this year &quot; .
the election will place to end the month of february of 2013 &quot; , was writings .
between the regulations by of the eu is , for example , the addition compulsory of writings the fuel that , as result , harms the a environment ; other ban is the use of the thermometers of mercury of all the life only because contain a small amount of a had dangerous or the going writings the size of the cages of the hens , that has contributed the increase considerable the price of the eggs this year .
has criticised the ban picture of use the expression &quot; butter of a &quot; or the withdrawal of the light traditional of the victim .
a banana of quality must have a length of 14 centimetres .
the apparatus of the union taking this kind of decisions to often under the pressure of one or another made trade or industrial , whose petitions in brussels are both usually for some state or group of states ( the republic czech , even with the threat of veto , teaches the requirements of their banks ) .
the interests of a made were behind of the request , for example , of that the bananas of greater quality they have in the eu a length of for what less 14 centimetres and not could present &quot; writings want &quot; .
the commission european for saying that with this only search harmonize the rules national not writings to the date , that only writings their marketing .
the rules that they reference to fruit and vegetables in the eu , to despite of the opposition of some states , have no on the basis of that the directive existing means a huge of foodstuffs .
the candidate to earn the survey could be the for of the eu the year last according the which in the skies writings that are is for our that the children under of 8 years not are allowed to writings without the supervision of a adult .
the eu was reference here to a study american according the which , when about of toys , the skies are the main cause of death child for boiling .
also is force a restriction similar applicable the use of writings for part of children of to 14 years .
writings writings born even in our writings
also absurd is the regulation which to the officials european and all who that have any role official in the eu not can use the designation of macedonia . for not hurt the sensitivity of greece , must about of let ( republic republic republic of macedonia ) .
the servant Bankovnípoplatky.com , in cooperation with the partnership of economists liberals writings writings , writings in the survey , between some proposals absurd mentioned more it , the for of the union on the volume of the has of food in the territory of a state member .
the eu down the emphasise only of has of food that can say in the territory of the republic czech the same day of our entry to the eu .
after , the republic czech expenditure , for example , the volume established for growing in retains , what that he involving a threat of fined substantial .
to the organisers of the survey also they was the explained of pay to those countries that not have access the sea and the idea of give a subsidy for the request of subsidies .
this kind of ideas not have in brussels but in prague .
&quot; we in because for the fact of not have sea .
we to the union european a compensation &quot; , declared in autumn the 2004 the then minister of agriculture writings writings ( writings ) .
what plot with the fact of that in our country was much grain and , as result of the are purchases of intervention , the state had the stores coming and had that export .
according writings , given that the republic czech is far of the ports maritime , the eu should are hundreds of million of eur .
the end , the commission european was prepared to help to the republic czech and organised a any public for the purchase the grain of the countries that not have access the sea .
the subsidy for receive a subsidy was proposal to the municipalities for the ministry for the development local at for the minister writings writings ( US-DEU ) . specifically , is aimed to the significant of applications of subsidies of brussels .
eu and the diverse rare are a writings
the guidelines of the states member are to often white of criticisms , the efforts of the eu in on of rules and , also , a to and development more effective in all the union deserve more well , according several experts , our recognition .
according the experts , the problem more serious is , for example , the collection of subsidies of the eu for projects that not have nothing that see with the deepening of the integration european , but that the states member have have in the negotiations on budgets .
to the czechs also they it the short sensitive , the same way that to other countries of the union , the fight for the right to the designation of origin of their products traditional , although our country not always has from of these writings .
the czechs , after six years of disputes with germans and austrian , do with success the designation of origin the writings of writings , but had that responsible the name the liqueurs national , whose tradition in our country back the century twentieth , and happened to is &quot; writings &quot; .
only the products applies to from the plantations of cane of sugar can be external liqueurs , but not those facts to from of sugar of sugar .
in the textile official of designations of origin protected of the eu , together with the occupy brined and gorgonzola known in all the world , the writings of the city german carrying or the parma of ham , already are for example the shortbread of writings writings , the writings of writings and of writings and , even , the variety of hop of writings .
as writings protected of the eu , be be proud the the bread of writings of writings and the karlsbad of writings and writings .
the people to that save the republic , but i a amateur , that writings
mr senator , how he happened they to the elections for president ?
not is of be senator or president .
if in our country outside all well , then not would my candidate .
but already not i bear see how european in the last twenty years in our country , how the observes are writings , increased the tax and the age of retirement .
not had ambitions of be political .
when i something that not i like , attempt give with a solution for change .
and since that already i forty years and my candidate is independent , the only possibility that i of change the things is time as senator or president .
the senate already has come , but little after has since in way towards the presidency .
not is giving the on to those people that what have voted ?
always i that my candidate to the presidency on of the results in the elections the senate .
more afternoon writings that if an elected senator , would my candidate to the presidency .
but my aim not is the role ; the role is the tool with the that i to reality my own ideas .
for that i the greater influence possible and the mandate more strong possible .
the problem not is only that us a nation that criticise in the and or ahead of the television , but that writings to anyone that i to a change .
to this he these the means of communication , that you laws and particular the freedom of expression with the freedom of lying .
of me says that i deported to journalists or that i been advisory of absolutely writings .
we to about of their ideas .
there to the fight presidential with view financial and responsibilities criminal of political and the declaration of the property for above of twenty million .
for this must change the law .
as president not has this competition and only the senate in their whole can propose laws .
how to it ?
as citizen , i formed part of a group of pressure for that the job of on denied as work independent , and what we .
the problem is in the policy and if someone comes with a good proposal , already be of left or of left , rejects to purpose and this affects to the citizens .
as candidate independent , i of a greater potential for obtain the support of all the groups parliamentary .
without writings or untouchable of party , i the capacity of power pick something of every party that be better for our country and monitor .
as more well a man of left or of left ?
since the point of a czech , i the impression that the people i as more of left .
for me not has importance , already be a little of left or a little of left .
what that i is is that want from .
not i is if someone is of left or of left , i society to the people .
always support openly any solution good , irrespective of if the proposal is the writings or of the writings and , the same way , i in against of the poor ideas .
ago absolute when says of Ud. that is populist .
but not what is proving with what that says ?
when creates a plan business for the company , you also certain objectives and ideals .
and writings writings to them .
will who what being he , but all the proposals of the that i already transport in the world or known experts about of them .
but without the support the parliament only he are slogans .
and with this not can survive in the policy to long the .
or believes you that if being to the people and about with them , will , for example , a responsibility criminal and financial ?
not i other option .
convince to political , to journalists and to the society civil and to them of my part for this .
if outside elected president , not would problem in organise a broadcasting in direct for television in the which would to the leaders of the parties parliamentary that writings the responsibility criminal and financial for political , officials , judges and fiscal the state .
and , of , they would that communicate why not what want .
if there a like strong that out the disputes , can to pressure in the on policy .
take for case the election direct the president , that has been a achievement of the pressure public .
the same time i that only i a amateur , not i or a out or a intellectual .
for my views and ideals attempt find allies .
just of start in the policy and attempt obtain the greater support possible for my programme .
attempt from the things from i same , but in case of that not a well , within of six years what leave and i the sector private .
this a little as if writings outside to save the republic czech .
not i no salvador .
know that with a person not i nothing , for that i visited to a series of mr just , for if to what better writings to present their candidate the senate .
i to see to writings writings , but refused because had much work .
for my part , for what less i supported to the journalist of research writings writings , that exposed to the light the frauds with much lightweights of heating .
i i on of the basis of that the people is really writings , now i in the into .
the sixty for cent of the population not total to the turned and , those that what did , voted to the representatives the writings .
in the senate we two the sector independent .
the people was the senate , of such way that will complicated achieve changes .
without embargo , i as my own ideas , as for example the election direct of mayors or of real .
is considering be their own party ?
still not what i considered because not i time for this , for to the last allowed of every one of the all member the party , or not i money .
not i money or for the campaign to the presidency , in my account and only there 20.000 billion .
not has money ?
about of statements of the property , how is the their ?
what my property private in a 60 million .
in prague i a on ballot in 25 million , a visited ballot ten million , another visited writings in eight million , a set of works of art with a value of ten million , a writings martin of a 3,5 million and a writings writings ballot in a million , and in the account i a couple of million .
for true , i a writings martin because was my dream of youth . always i pleased james writings , that seeing this car , was gallant with the women and , the same time , fighting against the writings and rise .
leads a writings martin , their property is valued in 60 million and not has money for the campaign ?
Ud. says that to change the republic but not to to too money of their part .
not is very convincing .
not i 15 million for the campaign .
i that writings ?
in the campaign already i since 2,5 million .
the fact of that not have no writings shows that not there too interest in my programme .
and not i the duty of pay the campaign with money of my equipment .
the expenditure of the campaign cover in essence what that get in concept of paid of senator .
but not could live of this . for example , not could paul! to my son the school english , that costs 30.000 billion month .
if i only earn money , then not i would as candidate .
that will with their activity business for power live ?
not has said before that was to to this activity ?
this not has nothing that see with a paid greater .
as i promised , in part i longer my activities .
for example , the representative of my agency of travel will to be my adequate in spring .
the people would that outside the writings that writings the republic .
but i also i live of something .
how not to earn monthly as employer ?
between 200.000 and 400.000 , that i gaining .
if outside president , then would the business .
can consultation all the interview in the issue the saturday of writings .
the study of architecture writings shows that the real adventures not only are in the head - in the example of the library of writings and the on closed &quot; mountain of books &quot; - 2 writings
&quot; i that the building is it , has a aspect writings , and for end there something interesting that see &quot; , that writings writings , a killed that is for the street .
and stefan writings , technical of it in a great company on close of the library , current and &quot; also , the building is on &quot; .
but i i wonder for what need a library today in day .
all we internet , tablets and books electronic .
no get for pleased in these libraries past of fashion , not ?
writings , a city she on to the doors of by that hardly deserves a writings visit , holding the doubtful honour of have step with a record for forget .
the population of 80.000 inhabitants there the rate of most more and of the countries netherlands .
for by this situation so shameful , ago some years decided help of any way to the culture general and copying the seven bridges fictitious that with represented in the notes of euro in way of writings of concrete on writings .
the success of the offensive learning was limited .
and was as the responsible political your that only there a possibility for improve the statistics and it had that to a library writings
writings writings , the study of architecture dutch writings , all a master in the art of the writings of we and for of buildings enjoyable to the couple that makes , took the issue with their customary this and he to the presentation the any in the year 2003 with five books under the it and a is in the face .
and while the jury looked visits to their around and writings of of , writings arrested to up the books for size be a pyramid and a their short speech with the following words and &quot; ladies fellow writings
here the you , my proposal for the mountain of books of writings , the which writings &apos; &quot; .
nine years after , the mountain of 30 million of eur was in the place to .
this way part the project of vitalising , that full with a underground underground , a supermarket , a office of post and a couple of buildings of was and writings .
to principles of november the mountain of books was medallists with the second prize &quot; 'best service of number 2012 &quot; .
also , the project also is writings the &quot; writings couple young writings 2012 &quot; .
of this way , the small city that of history , that to the date not had nothing more that offer that a area smartest today's and a was flicking after whose behind white one writings more well a central skimmed , account now with a work of architecture contemporary .
but on all , writings at now the first building cultural public of their history .
the long way to the writings
the first impression is that is of a paradise of books under a writings .
well is true that there a lift that we it just the centre of this had under , but the real inhabitants the space and the reading not what they , but that prefer into with their writings to every step of their escalation to the top .
the internal completely writings is writings and easy of exceed with the a , the soil of brick writings and the here writings support of way unequivocally the status public of the library .
the environment urban is was .
the its the a can to to now the banks the road , the dogs and the children and girls playing the football .
and for all on books , books and more books .
&quot; usually the shelves of books are willing to what long of the behind and in the centre opens a huge in dark that , for what general , is be something how and writings &quot; , that writings writings .
what that we fact us is to upside it the traditional mechanics space and from the area of reading the internal the foreign .
the internal of the mountain is very well tapped and in the a are the offices , the library of internet , the club of more , the centre of education environmental and the in of maintenance .
special special deserve the shelves black that to the of of such writings , writings and writings the same time .
the a , the you and the writings are off .
even the saviour and the engineers civilians more the day democratic the head when sound about of this material raised .
&quot; we work with materials recycled &quot; , we is writings writings , head the project in the city of writings .
and is as a day , in a exploitation agricultural writings , we free with the here appropriate from of the agriculture .
since ago many years , in the greenhouses and in the camps of the countries netherlands used a must plastic of even cable of thick as basis for caged the roots of the crops .
is of a material cheaper and efficient .
this must fine for two stations and after discarded .
for the library this must writings , for first time in such quantities , to to revised of four centimetres of thick .
with the heat and the pressure , the is plastic agricultural ( writings ) change of colour and becomes in a material what , careful and durable that is to a mixture of car new and writings of sport .
after 105 corridor comes to the top of the mountain .
the end of this route ongoing of almost 500 metres around of the mountain we for the handsomely and since the cafeteria not only has a presents a of the city , but that in she also can enjoy of cheap writings dutch and their writings planted in enormous writings .
these for a environment pleasant to the couple that are the content proper for this mountain of literature .
donations for a new writings
&quot; although safeguard how in their large land writings , this building is a project exemplary in what that as to the ecology &quot; , out writings .
the heating and the cooling necessary are to from of energy geothermal .
to despite of that the mountain of books is on under a huge pyramid of glass , even in the days more writings the you only sun for few hours in their internal .
the enormous writings of wood sea in sense coordinated to the behind of glass serve for give shadow and absorb the majority of the how the you .
this creates a climate internal writings .
the rest is it of the people automatic .
stefan writings , the a worker the sector of the technologies of the information , already has courage to to the ordinary in the new library .
and writings writings also has state there .
also , the teacher of medicine traditional china writings writings has visited the library . she is the &quot; writings &quot; as the &quot; social of &quot; of writings .
the reason is that , with reason of the opening that had place ago a couple of weeks , invited to all the inhabitants of the city to donate a book of their set private .
of this way is fill , of at , the bits writings of a library that still not account with their still completely ; in the now has 70.000 copies .
the concept has we appreciated .
the shelves are full .
&quot; not there nothing worse that a library a empty &quot; , that the large writings writings .
&quot; i that thank to our initiative now all the inhabitants have a true link with this building .
all know that their book way part of the library .
although only is that for embellish .
of this way , the study writings has have all a success in that discipline is that in the issue specialises knows as &quot; creation of a identity &quot; .
the city of writings has written a could of the history of the literature .
irrespective of what young and writings that can be .
for end a point of starting for government their identity .
writings and &quot; the germans must play a role more a &quot;
germany has abstained in the vote on the admission of palestine .
according referred writings , expert in the relations us . UU.-Europa , this eu to berlin in a position diplomatic quite certainly .
deutsche result and to principles of week , germany was to understand that would in against of the proposal of give to the territories palestinians the status of state observer of the nations un .
without embargo , finally berlin conservative .
for what ?
referred writings and germany not supports what that the israelis have fact in gaza .
now well , because to the relationship special that people the country with israel , germany must have care .
but the same time i that not supports the position do .
germany wanted demonstrate their independence without be too criticism with israel .
for the embargo that had place in libya in march of 2011 , germany also conservative when of what that was was of establish a area of ban of flight .
this has been defy finally for the nato .
he is difficult to germany take a position clear when are in at issues international important ?
, is .
this must to that in these at is want their policy foreign , into of a policy then , for it , for the states united and on in a policy foreign german .
and what that makes still more the things is that the european not have a policy coherent and uniform .
for what and , the germans are in a at .
of they expected that their a role more independent , but not are used to do .
i that still are close what will their role , but already have on the way towards a policy foreign &quot; normal &quot; .
a policy foreign similar to the countries as france or great britain .
what means specifically a policy foreign &quot; normal &quot; since the point of a german ?
is a policy that , when is of interests national , shows prepared to defend positions different to the of states united or their partners european .
i that the policy foreign german is a strong motivated in the policy economic , is say , in the exports and in their relations with certain regions , as can be russia , china or middle next .
the interests economic germans are to true point different to the of other large powers and for that reason germany must protect their interests .
these interests economic have from in the position adopted with on the conflict in middle next and in the vote of the un ?
for a side , germany account with large markets in middle next , particularly in the gulf .
for this reason must be careful and not alienate of the opinion public arab or not of the élite arab .
this is important , for of .
but i not he would so importance since that not is of a relationship totally unilateral .
without embargo , play a role fundamental in the considerations german .
has undermined germany their relationship with us . UU. the abstain of vote in important decisions as in the vote on palestine ?
i that in europe , and even in states united , the position german enjoyed of a huge degree of understanding .
for this reason , not i that has there a breakdown so drastic as in the case of libya .
perhaps with this germany has achieved inquisitor a true respect .
the end and the out , all this not has fact but demonstrate that is a country the that take in serious as actor international and whose interests there that have in account .
in europe there different views about of the initiative palestine .
in change , us . UU. has shown clearly to favour of a veto .
there differences of views between us . UU. and many nations european ?
always have there these disparities because to the policy internal us .
i that the government of obama shows in secret a great understanding towards the position european .
but , to cause of the situation policy that live here , is clear that the government not can defend in public that position .
i that the real differences of views not has in reality the view that he attaches .
if we the relations between obama and the first minister israeli netanyahu , we that obama not is for nothing about with the policy that be .
he is difficult to germany reconcile the closer relations that with with israel and states united , for a side , with the position of their main partners in the eu , for another ?
i that is precisely that what that ago that be so difficult for the germans .
for of that would a little more easy for the germans if there a policy european coherent and homogeneous , but not is the case .
for what and , not have the possibility of be part of a peculiar higher , but that must overall the things since their own position .
that is precisely what that are doing now with the euro .
i that in the future germany will a role of leadership to the time of force to europe to take a position european .
for of that this not is nothing easy for germany , already be simply for the relationship that with with israel .
this has been always a issue she .
but i that the germans have clear that must play the role of that independent .
is germany to same in the role of actor international important ? to in reality germany on a role a ?
or perhaps he still becoming difficult accept that leadership ?
germany still not has used , always is something extent and , for for obvious , the country he still costing play a role more important .
if we the crisis the euro , for example , we that every time that germany full as actor main , go certain feelings writings .
this not is easy for the germans .
is of a old problem and is that no to be surrounded of the countries enemies .
seen of this way , germany is in a position much more difficult that states united .
must show a attitude her with to the different neighbours and views and that not is easy .
the influence of us . UU. in the policy european is every time more , but the eu not is of at that gap , who is then ?
to the germans not they will more be that on a role more a .
even if not they like , if they is unpleasant or if they becomes in a people still more ‘smart , c &apos; est the know writings
referred writings is director executive of the academy transatlantic in washington , a institution in the that academic and experts in policy from of europe and of america the north you of way joint the challenges to the that faces the community transatlantic .
writings is also member the polls marshall polls , where has specialises in policy german , policy foreign us and relations transatlantic .
&quot; protection of for &quot; in china and when writings and armani become of suddenly in for writings
armani is a ce known to level world and side writings writings also .
but , what is armani side ?
after this name this a designation recorded officially in china but that not has nothing that see with the companies original .
not but , this enjoyed of protection while the real writings not should a demand .
and even then not is clear that they will to give the reason .
&quot; to the foreign they is every time more difficult protect their for in china &quot; , out thomas writings , lawyer the founded taylor writings specialises in violations of rights of protection in far middle .
every week comes to my table a new case .
the writings simply add a couple of number for power register their for .
of this way , writings becomes in Lu-Gucci and in place of writings have Prada-Kny .
the companies german also young legally of the same way , such and as he has happened the manufacturer of articles sports writings .
writings opens a writings in the that an seats of the office of for of beijing .
the 14 of september of 2010 a company china did register the ce writings writings writings , a name artificial that also was of the house of fashion writings writings .
that the chinese are champions global in that of copying and of international the rights of property intellectual is of which known .
in the large cities there large stores of several plants feel exclusively to the sale of counterfeiting .
without embargo , the cases of writings are of other rather . for that of their customers , he fight against the fact of that the office of for granted of way official to the companies chinese the right to from to of a designation that already is recorded in another place .
the chinese what rather &quot; bang writings writings &quot; or ce for .
the word has their origin in the term chinese &quot; bang writings &quot; ,
that ago reference to women that have &quot; fish &quot; to a man rico .
the authorities chinese not feel writings
&quot; is it for the business , there that fight against this &quot; , requires writings .
&quot; the ce ago water , the position brought used and the damage that suffering the image is huge . &quot;
the losses financial and the which procedural of the sectors affected are commission , on all in the case of products joint of luxury .
according data of the company of analysis of market writings , with a volume of 15.000 million of eur the year china is , in size , the third market of articles of luxury and the that overall to greater pace .
without embargo , achieve the be of enrolment of dubious legality in the registration of for is complicated and also is much money .
the processes can wish to nine years and the result is currently .
writings about of cases in the that the court candidates a demand because had appropriations and time that the name the of the demand already had become in a &quot; reality of market &quot; .
&quot; if the complainant has bad fate , perhaps even have that pay money the writings because the process has done to the ce of this in china &quot; , out writings .
in times this is the law of the jungle .
some of the cases more known have that see with elements writings .
in 2009 Daimler-Benz lost a case against the manufacturer of used of construction writings , the company that has been company ago little for the manufacturer german of bombs of concrete writings .
for that to day of today the chinese can continue using a emblem very similar to the star of gave .
the asean's of volvo , writings , who the principle a written in white and blue that us in great as to bmw ; the matter writings in the courts and writings had that it .
the manufacturer of clothes writings lost in china against writings from of hong kong and singapore whose written long a commission’s looking in the direction opposite the original .
the authorities chinese not feel guilty .
the office of for writings in beijing is that in 2010 have had difficulties because to the shortage of equipment and staffing of staff .
the year last , without embargo , &quot; the situation of emergency labour returned to the normal &quot; .
of this way , the amount of processes of complaint without continue has reduced in a 22 % .
almost 57.000 of these cases worked out , a 75 % more that the year previous .
without embargo , 81.500 complaints still outstanding of resolution .
fight against this costs much writings
as is be customary in china , the figures are currently .
the year last the writings there more of 1,4 million of applications of protection of for , almost a third more that in 2010 .
would of a new record and means that china world for tenth year a the list of new enrolment in all the world , according out the office of for .
seems that this also happens with the number of writings valid , figure that is to 5,5 million in total .
in 2011 would writings 1.800 million of typhoon in concept of rights .
said of other way , this means that of average every alert costs 1.280 typhoon or 160 eur .
fight against this costs much money , such and as shows the case of the company family german writings .
since ago more of seven years the group believed in the courts against a writings chinese .
if well the germans have have stop the that illegal of parts of car of imitation ,
the writings has achieved they the rights chinese on the ce writings .
&quot; us same we led this situation because in germany the surnames not are protected &quot; , out writings writings , president and writings representative of writings writings writings in munich .
the office of for writings also candidates the resource of the writings .
in the two following this he have given the reason to writings , but the part international still set in the now .
there that have it writings
now the case has come to the doors the court higher of justice , where still remains of resolution .
writings positive in power solve welcome the question and they the professionalism of the courts .
without embargo , also that that &quot; the procedure is extremely expensive , and in terms of money as of time &quot; .
is difficult estimate the costs internal ; the still business has had that review seen of to hundred years of about for power give evidence .
ago five years writings people to the part international a &quot; a of six figures in eur &quot; with the aim of to to a agreement where , but not had success .
&quot; this shows what much that we is &quot; , out writings .
the dangers that previously in far middle becoming even with affect to europe ,
specifically if the writings they there the rights on for not protected .
, a manufacturer chinese tried register in germany the name writings for shoes and products of fur .
ago time that the group one this area trade , not but but prevent the alert .
&quot; there that have it care &quot; , that writings .
and he as the lawyer writings recommend to the companies german that be extremely careful to the time of to business with china .
not enough with have in the legislation international on rights of ce , but that what that there that to is &quot; register also in china all for that can be simulation of protection &quot; , such and as current writings .
of what contrary , the issue can get much more expensive that a just registration .
of fact , in case of that writings would the last provoked of their battle particular , then would that pay to the part international rights of licence for their own name , such and as is writings .
that or in the segment in question we writings the market .
day world of the fight against the aids and takes , who , writings
in writings trying the chorus writings and in swaziland delighted the orphans the writings
the history of a link able of that overcome much more of 8.733 kilometres of distance .
first at for the language and shoes of writings , disposable of players , shoes of writings and writings are the but on the soil of writings , and what are quickly .
a , two , three , four .
only then start to raised slowly the voices of the singers ( writings , under , statement and writings ) , writings , writings and writings to other .
and writings writings , the director of 29 years , threat with win almost of their opponents the to to order with their listening support and writings .
is monday for the afternoon and in the in of music the institute of writings medical of writings the chorus writings trying a new song .
also have come the fifty singers , of between 23 and 69 years , since the writings human to the session of house .
&quot; writings &apos; writings &quot; not is a piece easy , every voice the chorus has a text different and also in a language foreign hardly known and the writings , a language spoken for eleven million of people in south , botswana , lesotho , malawi , mozambique and in some areas of swaziland .
aid for the writings
according a estimate of writings , the programme of the nations un for the fight against the aids , in all the world there approximately 34 million of people infected for the virus the hiv .
23,5 million of them living in the southern of africa .
in swaziland there 245.000 orphans the aids .
more the 40 % of the population already is writings .
the partnership writings for previous has found in germany lowest for the 180 orphans the aids the people of writings .
thousand of they attend to the school secondary .
for 15 or 20 eur the month can writings to a child .
this contribution will the licence of the school , the uniform and he ensure a food uttered the day in the writings writings .
writings means in writings &quot; writings of stories &quot; or &quot; writings &quot; .
in this in no know about with of this language writings , but who know .
since ago ten years this chorus trying much in this landing language foreign that in times by writings to their place of origin and the southern of africa .
to 8.733 kilometres of distance in line straight since writings , in the circumstances the uk of swaziland , there a people called writings that on of the voices of this chorus german .
the forty for cent is writings
approximately 2.000 people living there , some still in simple writings of it and dirty , a great part of them are children .
more of 300 already not have parents because have form the aids .
writings is a small example of what that affects to swaziland and the rate of infection of aids more high and the hopes of life more low of all the world , according unicef .
the population not is with good eyes the public , a practice that according has shown reduces to the half the risk of infection .
more the 40 % of the inhabitants of swaziland are for the virus of the one , and die with something more of thirty years has become in something customary .
for a travel whole to africa in the spring of 2005 the chorus found this writings population , but what that were on all were many children in the streets that had not only of the protection of their parents , but of what main and food , clothes and training .
without title austrian , the for in a country poor are more that across .
in a principle was only the compromise particular of a few what that was possible that a child outside the school and writings of a food uttered the day . all this for a few eur .
without embargo , a year after the chorus was the partnership &quot; writings for previous &quot; that since then has he judicial of the orphans the aids in writings .
facts on the infections of sexually writings
what are the main diseases of sexually sexual ?
between the by of origin writings are the writings , the chlamydia and the writings .
the by of origin writings more arise are the aids , the virus the papilloma human , the writings set or the hepatitis .
the writings and the writings are between the by kill for parasites .
what are the main groups of affected ?
the writings and the writings give with more often in men that are relations sexual with other men .
the institute robert koch part of the basis of that the less four of every five cases of writings kept in germany have their origin in a contact sexual between men .
in the case of the adults writings the diseases of sexually sexual more arise are the infections for chlamydia , writings , the virus the papilloma human , the writings ( writings ) and the writings .
the infection the hiv between the adults writings the country is relatively economic ; not but , approximately the 20 % of the new infections for hiv are in this group .
between the young , the infections for chlamydia are much more arise that in other groups of population .
according polls european , three from of all the infections affect to young of between 15 and 25 years .
in our country , the virus the papilloma human also they to the diseases more arise between the youth .
how has great the number of infections ?
not all the diseases of sexually sexual are subject to declaration compulsory .
according the institute robert koch , the number of infections for writings has safety their figure of 1.697 cases in 2001 to 3.698 cases in 2011 .
the number of new infections for hiv with a trend downward since 2007 .
in 2011 in approximately 2.700 cases .
is of a would part less that in the year previous .
what symptoms that that is of a disease writings ?
the diseases infectious can to writings in the area set , over the writings , flow , headache understanding , as writings or writings .
to often not cause headache or they other symptoms and for that not there .
how can one protect ?
the condoms can reduce the risk of infection , but not offer protection the hundred for hundred .
some as describe of diseases of sexually sexual also can be to through of infections for writings and for contact psychological .
for this reason , the experts recommend as regularly to medical doctors , on all if change with often of partner sexual .
if year of way early , the majority of the by can are and is possible avoid any result of .
to through of institutionalised , donations and , for last but not for this less important , of the honorary that citizens the chorus for their were in all germany , come to how quite money .
&quot; in total we sent already a 200.000 eur to writings &quot; , out proud writings writings , president of the partnership .
in the own people writings dlamini a woman safe of same and with on of leadership administers the money sent since germany .
with of that the orphans are a good homeless , for example with a of the grandmothers .
the &quot; writings &quot; , as this to the women one in writings , are the pillars the people .
some of them have to 14 orphans to their he , they offer a s where live and are of that the children into to the school all the days certainly and with with their uniform .
the that not have to no are under the protection of writings , a woman result that , the as that the two writings that with of they all the days for more of 200 children hungry , is a salary of the partnership .
also , &quot; writings of previous &quot; has since in set a school of remnant , has built two writings and , in cooperation with the organisation healthcare us writings , has achieved that many of the inhabitants the people have put to a proof of hiv .
this not is something obvious , since that , to despite of what patent that is this disease in all the country , not is about openly of she .
a king with 14 writings
&quot; the aids is a taboo no &quot; , that writings writings , &quot; because has that see with the acceptance &quot; .
something strange in a country in the that the king has officially 14 wives .
the last with no the africa black , the king writings iii , is known for their lifestyle of life menu and full of european .
writings in place of democracy .
this way of life not accepted officially is in great part for of the spreading so swift that has hand the virus the hiv in the last decades .
but also must to the countless writings that those the country of a side to another and that what for beyond where will .
according writings writings , &quot; in any word can to condoms free , but these hardly they .
is other culture , here only others the contact fur against fur &quot; .
for encourage the exchange cultural , the chorus writings travels every two or three years for the southern of africa writings much that about of writings , spirit writings , hope and confidence in the race black , much that many in the far more southern the continent african still remind of the time the apartheid .
a bus full of are that work much in a language of black ; and recognition not only brought different a excellent environment and great in , but that also has achieved writings a couple of tears to some that another soldier border writings .
the travel they has always to writings , where the singers visiting to the children writings .
to despite of that this small population hardly is in the maps , in the valley the river writings is very known .
&quot; writings to writings , there sun the light &quot; , that the people the place .
and after go the 8.733 kilometres in line straight of back to writings to the into of present of the street writings full of singers pointing the step , one it account of that also is possible see conspicuous their light since there .
writings and the nasa discover ice in writings
the probe writings has found evidence of the existence of ice in mercury .
probably the as of ice have a thick of to 20 metres .
the nasa , the agency space do , has has evidence of the existence of ice in mercury .
to despite of we the planet more near the you , there also there water writings , such and as from of three studies published the thursday in the magazine telling &quot; science &quot; .
the probe writings would found evidence of that in the area the planet that is losing to the shadow has formed a as of ice .
seems that this has the less 30 centimetres and probably even to 20 metres of thick .
the water from nuclear of writings or , with great likely , of writings that in their day collisions against mercury .
no linked the finding of ice with the possibility of that there life in the planet , that the way head of the probe writings , be writings .
the temperature in mercury can to to 426 degrees celsius .
without embargo , the basis could help to uttered how have come the water and other south of the life to other areas the system solar .
of way completely writings for the inhabitants the planet earth , the picked , past and small writings as the as who to explore the depths the it .
of time in when they images to the earth and small – to the immensity the space .
the image from of a house developed for researchers germans the institute weber writings .
the eight writings that up our system solar , also the planet writings writings .
the as that writings , that revolves around the you just for behind of writings , according the new definition the term published for the union writings international in 2006 writings not is no &quot; planet &quot; .
this section of a image of infrared taken for the be writings shows a &quot; opposition of family &quot; in the that with writings generations of stars and the stars more former show as points blue , although what more difficult of recognise is the colour longer of the stars &quot; on scenario &quot; .
this region of training of stars , which of way little now for the scientists W5 , was writings for the be writings in the constellation of writings , to a distance of 6.500 years light .
this image writings of a star in flora was taken for the be writings of the nasa .
the ring in way of writings is up for the material that the star writings in their process of flora .
in the huge terms writings , to 5.400 years light of the earth , are new stars to from of gas and dust .
the be writings of the nasa took this it of the area of training life writings .
the writings , a group of stars also known with the inquisitor of &quot; the seven sisters &quot; , are a the visible to just a in the sky from .
without embargo , with the be can able better the and .
the terms of the writings is as a huge eye red is in this image of infrared .
is on to 700 years light of the constellation of writings .
their similarity with a continent ground he has earned the inquisitor of america the north .
the combination of a picture normal and a image of infrared it place to a witnessed minister's .
this star in fledgling could be it in all their from for first time for the detectors of infrared the be writings .
writings and their saturn's and how derived still being a of the large fundamental of the space .
probably is of from of a of the behind of writings that months without to vain ago 4.500 million of years .
a of the one and more writings pictures fact for the be writings and the galaxy the writings .
on of the writings , some images of milky writings become in real works of art .
the image published for the centre european be shows the terms writings on to several thousands of years light in the constellation of writings .
the name writings from the term latin &quot; writings &quot; ( divided in three ) , since that aspects lines of dust into the heart last of this area of training life in three writings .
in the constellation of writings the launched were filming the indications of a writings cosmic and to 400 million of years light of the earth the realities of two milky in process of merger this the one towards the another for to currency of way writings .
this training of stars was it for the be writings in the galaxy spiral M83 .
the that not dislike of abbreviations techniques can you to she with the inquisitor of writings be .
the picture the be space writings shows a section of the terms writings in the constellation of writings .
the terms on to 1.400 years light is of for particles of dust whose size is between ten and hundred sometimes more small that the of the particles of dust that we find in a house .
this image was created to from of images writings and of writings made for different past .
shows a ring of holes black it to 430 million of years light of the earth .
this group of milky , is writings 273 , served for a at of model for the be space writings of the nasa .
the scientists rather the galaxy spiral of greater size writings 1810 .
in this terms is the group of stars young more it of our to milky .
this area of training life there constantly new stars .
in this cloud of stars , a to the terms writings , also have new star ; to 5.000 years light of the earth .
in this galaxy so of with a small hole black still not there dust , only gas .
the researchers represent that was little after the bang bang , when in the it could find on all as .
our window the it and the past more writings
seems that the be was specialist for hans writings in 1608 , before of that galileo writings what you a year after for see the stars .
since then , the geothermal of the past writings not has happen of up and the images that we offer have every time more depth .
for 30 years , specifically of 1947 to 1975 , the be writings it in the centre writings close of st evacuated was the more largest the world .
their mirror , in the image , had a diameter of five metres .
in had , us . us . , was the large writings writings .
this to see the writings to through of two geothermal , every one with a diameter of 8,4 metres .
the internal the great be canary it in the island of the rhodes is huge - only the mirror has a diameter of 10,4 metres .
the mirror the drawn african large writings in south is writings for save costs .
despite to this , with a diameter of approximately eleven metres .
the always of this construction more economic is that the be has a look of proper fixed , for what that their mobility is limited .
the be Hobby-Eberly in writings also has a look of proper fixed .
their fact is their huge capacity for had light .
to despite of have with a diameter of mirror comparison more small , this capacity is matched to the of the past of mirror more large the world .
with aid the telescope of writings ( port rico ) the researchers can explore the it in search of signals of life writings .
the telescope has a diameter of 305 metres .
in the &quot; for of intelligence writings &quot; ( writings for their pass in english ) can help any person that appropriate a computer , as capacity of processing .
a the centre european be ( that ) it in the caps writings .
here was the writings large writings , a be that ago honour to their name .
with a total of four geothermal , this be also can light the scope writings a .
the that also yourself the is E-ELT ( european writings large writings or be european extremely largest ) .
their mirror another will 42 metres and will up for a total of 1.000 elements writings .
to 2018 not expected power take images .
to 2007 the two past writings in in the eruption writings of writings writings were as the more large the world .
these have with two geothermal , every one of they with a diameter of 10 metres .
the past writings are part the centre writings writings , that together to they waves the sky with the aid the be writings and the writings .
in writings writings is to to a new be of enormous proportions and with a diameter of mirror of thirty metres .
this is a image of how would .
without embargo , the information more important the writings we comes of the hand the be space writings .
since the 24 of april of 1990 are images of are hordes .
since march of 2009 the be space writings search writings writings , mainly those that are writings .
the 2 of february of 2011 the nasa announced that since the beginning of their mission had cured 1.235 candidates to writings .
in the image are the last preparations successful the on the be space writings .
the be james writings area writings ( writings ) not launched the space to then of a rocket ariane 5 to 2018 .
the mirror another of this be space has a diameter of 6,5 metres .
a of the of of this be will find the light of the first stars and milky charity after the bang bang .
the researchers proceed of the basis of that in the side southern of mercury also there ice .
without embargo , not there evidence no , since that the probe writings revolves in about the planet in a orbit much more has the side north .
since ago decades the see of radar invite to the existence of ice in mercury .
thank to the probe writings ( 2004 ) , the first that revolved in about to mercury , now the scientists have the this of that is .
drinking butter to every and live 168 writings
the southern of azerbaijan many people challenge to age writings .
there there even a museum dedicated to the reward .
a for of fingerprinting in a country in the that the people of 97 years still are considered young .
the southern of azerbaijan many people challenge to age writings .
there there even a museum dedicated to the reward .
a for of fingerprinting in a country in the that the people of 97 years still are considered young .
the come for the region virtue of writings could as of with and financial .
the writings is with great writings to through of the writings road that is the side of hill wooded , rivers of great subject and of the simple houses of the farmers local .
all is green and steak! , one could even think that is in the jungle black .
without embargo , we are in the area more southern of azerbaijan ; since here the border with iran is to so only a kilometres .
here living the &quot; writings &quot; , a people the that not know much , from of that and perfectly the mouse and the writings and that are very dinosaurs .
our destination end is writings .
this small city nations of a architecture perhaps too writings sewn in the was soviet and that not seems dovetailed the all in a landscape under so writings .
the tourists european hardly come to this place , already that the way since the capital of azerbaijan , writings , is too heavy .
for go the 323 kilometres that separate both realities most , need eight hours because the road is of a only sense .
the writings wealth of the that enjoyed the country thank the oil the sea caspian still not has come to this writings region .
without embargo , writings writings ( 48 ) is convinced of that writings has what that there that have for become in a attraction tourist .
&quot; writings was famous in may with reason of the since the festival of ukrainian and the next year we the festival of the people more older the world &quot; , out writings .
is of the there the museum of the reward , perhaps the only that there in the world .
here is greater the life of eight dozens of writings the place that have have the 100 years of age . writings out a image in white and black .
this is my of , that but 120 years .
a son which died to the age of 136 writings
without embargo , the star for the museum is the pastor of sheep writings writings , that seems have experienced 168 years .
not but , not there no starting of birth that what writings .
and if we in account that the man of greater age greater but 122 years , seems that the age of writings is quite european .
&quot; in the region in 1805 and died in 1973 &quot; , we is writings .
the man was married in three times and had 23 children . the a still had time of be a daughter more to the age of 136 years .
has wrong then writings writings in their age in a couple of decades ?
without embargo , writings fibre , writings in the institute weber writings of right , also has heard about of the older age of this national of asia central .
&quot; in some regions of china , japan or in the valley of writings in pakistan also living people of age very older &quot; , that fibre , &quot; even in forces there many men one &quot; .
because to the lack of documents , is impossible give evidence scientific about of the age ; into when not there no registration civil .
all the days affect coming of butter writings
is a fact that , of way legislation among , the inhabitants of the region on in about to writings often to a age biblical .
in the now there 20 people that over the 100 years of age .
for what living here , in the southern , many people of age older ?
the on tourist writings writings writings is that is of the genes special of the writings .
the there the museum , the Sra. writings , believes in change that the cause does in the food .
without embargo , since a point of a nutritional , not seems it that precisely the food rich in similar of the writings , that love the meat , the bread and on all the products dairy and many of the which , also , they every a glass of butter writings , be so healthy .
or perhaps be the way of life natural the that with to the people young ? in writings , a small settlement not far of the city of writings live writings writings .
to their 97 years is relatively young for what that writings for these writings .
writings , that that have 143 descendants , live in a simple house of wood place: of all the region the caucasus .
ages in the soil , at of way they a huge writings of butter .
eight people living under a s , between they one of the children and a daughter of writings , both became in myself ago time .
also writings of a side to another two children small .
in the with prepare teaspoons for the invited , a teaspoons that serve in a affect classic with way writings .
the and of writings are are and are perfectly myself and under the – this two long writings of hair who what that their son we discover proud .
always i i have the hair with milk , for that never i has fallen and has maintained their colour .
&quot; not i used never a tempting &quot; , that writings .
the pension is enough for writings
of always has – only what that was in their own farm and canned , potatoes and now .
in all my life not i gone never to to the purchase to a supermarket .
then we about of their it , that was in the army .
what worse was the time subsequent to the second war world .
without embargo , all returned to their things when the &quot; wanted father &quot; , writings writings , took the control of the situation .
this kind of propaganda this about in mouth of a woman greater .
without embargo , in azerbaijan the one's that what to the that therefore of the nation , that being their country as a dictator , not knows limits .
this remained in the power to 2003 , at in the that gave the witness to their son armenian .
the less the people one of azerbaijan not know what that is the poverty .
writings citizens 230 writings ( approximately the same amount in eur ) in concept of pension monthly , a amount with the that can live well with in account the situation here .
and perhaps the writings son of writings have reason and &quot; in our culture the one are very life &quot; .
living in a great family , are writings , receive all the care necessary and are go .
as if this not outside reason enough for is with life many years ...
in the constitution lack the expression &quot; rights human &quot;
the revolution has on the cairo .
demonstrations that are between in the cairo are of that the coming division in the that is desperately the country .
the future constitution , with the sharia as basis , is very recycled .
the president egyptian not saw in writings .
&quot; we overcome the transition .
and that that happen is my responsibility , to the people and to god &quot; , stated in the television public .
their speech was at to all the people , on all to the copts christians , the liberals , the muslim writings and the secular .
all they , it without be to now in a then opposition , have fear .
fear of a global to by the nile for the royal of the powerful community muslim .
such and as is makes writings , almost asking who , has had that official of way temporary the powers the court constitutional and extend the putting &quot; for power save the revolution &quot; .
without embargo , or the egyptians or the world is know very well what that this engineer of 61 years with a title of physiotherapists towards for the university the southern of california to save really .
is deprived of their power to the judiciary ?
of fact , the 234 articles , whose discharge has been forced for a house which of for 100 member predominantly on in a meeting always of 15 hours of is , are truly worrying .
as in previous constitutions , in the draft also says that the law on in the &quot; principles the right islamic &quot; .
without embargo , what means that of &quot; principles &quot; ?
this was and still remains open to the interpretation and seems that the on will to take this vague wording , as the for of manoeuvre legal that has employment , for impose a interpretation more strict of the sharia .
this is the less what that suggests a new article added and in all the issues relating to the sharia is for consultation to the university Al-Ashar , the institution islamic more important the country with a great power in all the fundamentalism uighurs .
not has for what be , but this can mean that the iranian writings the legislation , something that - of fact - would as result the women’s of the judiciary .
great part the draft of the constitution is open to the writings
what that also is problematic is that is to the jurisdiction military .
for the dictatorship of côte these courts us occupation for exercise a for repression on the opposition .
after the falling the dictator to 11.000 civilians were detainees in prisons military .
such and as in the draft , the state has of protect &quot; the real essence of the family egyptian &quot; and &quot; promote their moral and their values &quot; .
is of a wording so unclear in terms legal that with the aid of this article the institutions state could even control the content of the arts and the literature .
about clear not is of other it that of censure .
for true that no article in of way explicitly the equality between men and women .
in change another banning offend or punished the prophet makes and to their travelling .
without embargo , not is clear what is a offence and how has of be korean .
as of dubious is the wording that banning the &quot; offence to the people &quot;
is enough a pluralism the president or a joke on a writings ?
question of interpretation , as many other things in the draft that has been presented to writings for their signing and that according , their words , &quot; very soon &quot; will presented to the egyptians for be put to referendum .
&quot; the revolution has again &quot;
ago weeks that the opposition is to ranks with to the superiority of the on .
ten billion people met in a unusual harmony in the afternoon the on in the place tahrir the writings and writings to really the acta before of that can into in force .
&quot; the revolution has on and will nations &quot; , that writings writings , that with the third place in the lists to the elections presidential .
the nobel of the peace and writings the atomic international of energy atomic , mohammed El-Baradei , declared that the draft of the constitution should be &quot; in the a of the about of the history &quot; .
to through of about was to the followers of writings of to on a &quot; coup of state against the democracy &quot; .
&quot; when called the referendum and to their palacio and what writings &quot; , that the maracaibo writings writings .
&quot; still not we had , the blood of our brothers still not has been writings &quot; , was in the means egyptians the political maracaibo writings ali .
and several judges announced that not see monitor the referendum , for what that not would this .
&quot; the alternative is our constitution &quot;
for their part , the community muslim well organised was a call for are a writings ; for if are not in the place tahrir , but after a sentence the another side the nile , to the university of the cairo .
many women area with a under and supporters of the writings were part in the same the every of and &quot; the people requires the application of the law divine &quot; .
demanded to writings &quot; its the country &quot; , the same time that writings and &quot; the alternative is our constitution &quot; .
a fight for the sovereignty of the seeking place tahrir , where started all , would led a situation similar to the of a war civil .
is clear that the supporters of writings not wanted risk to that something were .
the brothers muslim he that and the that who the draft of the constitution as the supporters the same would expressed their views high and clear .
now would come the at of to that the people finally in the turned what direction should continue the country .
in this sense , seems that the draft of the on has other the majority .
&quot; the expression &apos; rights human &apos; or even is &quot;
were abu writings is furious with this process constitutional forced that in reality should have lasted to february and have including to all the forces social .
this lawyer of 48 years specialises in rights human and president of the organisation egyptian of rights human ( writings ) for to the brothers muslim when were held in prison or had that to with to a trial for the dictatorship of côte .
not because writings their ideology , but because for he the rights human are indivisible .
for this reason was of , condemned and imprisoned .
&quot; and now the expression writings human &apos; or even is in the new constitution &quot; , regrets in a conversation with the newspaper &quot; majdanek am writings &quot; .
the enlargement of the powers of writings to the three powers the state was that this lawyer writings .
the measures taken are gross violations of the rules the at democratic and will to egypt to a new dictatorship .
&quot; in place of strengthen the society civil , what that has fact the president is writings &quot; , regrets writings .
without embargo , the democracy not can function without the organisations of the society civil .
writings feel given , also for the community international , the which were the fight ideological that is with place to by the nile with a mixture of curious and tension .
this could become in their against .
a writings in the place tahrir points and &quot; you writings a people that not writings control &quot; .
the writings norwegian and the fish more writings the world ?
the five million of inhabitants of norway have of one of the one levels of life , not only of europe but the world .
is possible that the success the country relates any relationship with their listen for a fish extremely writings ?
taken a series of occupy excessively writings .
writings in a of a mountain of clothes of football how and dirty .
writings that a week .
will then quite the as up the writings , a of the writings of norway .
i find in the small city of writings , to three hours of oslo .
is believer . the landscape is witnessed and that smell , always this , fleet in the air .
the writings is writings in herrings that leaves writings in water for , on of what writings that you what prefer , to a year .
to as that writings and is doing more cold , the norwegians on in flood to a festival that have here , in writings , dedicated to this writings of what more , for it , writings .
&quot; also oil and then drink a glass of includes of a bitter &quot; , says writings writings , writings of the city that is also what that knows as the &quot; general the writings &quot; , that by of organise the festival .
for all on we people eating this fish that an in small rapid and often of a bitter important quantities of the as .
&quot; to some people they like more the includes that the writings &quot; , that writings .
the as can who the smell .
writings some pieces .
if is avoid overlook close of the who , not is ; not is very different to a as of rack that has come a few kilometres in bus .
the writings is a product that from of a time very different , in the that the poverty writings norway and in the that , before of that there the cooling , the fish bore for the autumn into in water and salt in pour writings .
more afternoon , in full winter , when already is well writings , out and , obviously with the senses writings because the alcohol , also .
ago so only a generation , thousands of norwegians were forced to leave their country in search of work , and complete mainly to states united .
currently , the population is increasing quickly ; more the 13 % are immigrants , attracted for the do of jobs of work , high wages and a completely system of services social .
a aware of inhabitants of sweden , the old rival and to ago not too much more rich that norway , comes to this country for work .
the writings as something important , a part essential , although quite writings , the last of norway .
is between the had more expensive that can buy .
but , of fact , all is expensive . a cane of beer or a writings you cost the admired of 10 writings ( $ 14 ) every one .
norway not is by in the order the day of the news international and to the majority of norwegians they like that be .
here the people still is little prepared to to the name of anders writings , the racist of extreme right that writings to shot and bloody to 77 people , between the that had men , women and children .
in their place , are the were as &quot; the incident the 22 of july &quot; .
to the norwegians they costs it believe that in their mild country one of the own outside able of commit such cruelty and murder .
after great of the wealth current of norway is the growth , since principles of the 70 , of a of the industries of oil and of gas more large the world .
&quot; but the oil not is the only reason for the that we is so well &quot; , that anna , our writings , while is and adequately of writings and that , with their long writings blonde and their currently eyes blue , represents the image the welfare norwegian .
&quot; we , as you you , people unwise &quot; .
their english , as the of the majority of people in this country , is ongoing .
&quot; not we like writings , not we like the possible &quot; .
norway has leave their wealth oil with great caution ; all , such a small percentage the money from of this industry , investing in a fund special in benefit of the future generations .
while all the world writings money that not had for the years that preceded to the crisis financial in all the world , norway remained the writings well closed .
&quot; while we everywhere in winter and to writings in summer , we satisfied &quot; , says anna .
&quot; and are writings &quot; , they with a witnessed writings .
i in the snow doing get for are something ; already i had enough writings .
now a clones of writings is without doubt something different and quite writings that unable .
but for the night , is that writings fish .
the hotel in the that i writings is one of the many local in the that have a dinner of writings in the that the writings vote the better fish , or perhaps the that more are to proof the mass writings .
a television has which in direct with a recommended that has writings and that is surrounded of had of writings .
seems the any of ukrainian .
&quot; what are see writings for the better fish there it in the of , Thor-Juergen ? &quot;
&quot; here is our artistic , writings . &quot;
there laughter and .
a man is of the his , perhaps source for the includes .
or perhaps be the vapour of all that fish .
mexico and four writings grandson faces to a hard writings
while the president incoming of mexico , four writings grandson , in for take possession of their he , the correspondent of the bbc , writings hugh , reviews the challenges to the that will the new president and the different expectations of their population .
the trafficking in city of mexico is particularly bad currently .
in a city that , in the best circumstances , already is of for writings , has continual since the monday a respond of steel that shorter several of the roads main that for to the city and that is causing a chaos huge in the roads .
the aim , not but , not was prevent that the workers so to to their place of work , but avoid that the demonstrators so to the parliament .
the saturday , the new president of mexico , four writings grandson , will the on presidential and will the management of the nation .
faces to a task complex .
mexico has gone established good results economic for the government outgoing of felipe calderón , but the country is into in a war against the writings that has lives already 60.000 lives in six years .
&quot; my government has the great compromise with the people mexican of reduce the violence &quot; , explained the Sr. writings grandson to principles of this week the president of states united , barack obama , in the clearance white .
&quot; i to propose a new strategy of security that we will to that aim &quot; .
before of terms with the president of the EE.UU. , the experience policy when the Sr. writings was as governor of their state very , the of mexico .
a state very forms and with a faster growth , that surrounding the capital ; the views on the new leader are divided in this territory in the that he used moving .
a man writings
in the writings city of valley the credit , for example , he reminds with felt .
their residents he for the go the growth the tourism in the place and of the construction of infrastructure .
for to to the city can lead for a of the new roads the Sr. writings grandson , what that is a huge improvement current with the roads writings and with of writings that were writings .
also can see on with their name in the entry of a modern writings and of a impressive museum global on the change climate .
&quot; we in that he successful to a change real and lasting &quot; , says their friend and as political religious writings mollar , member the party the Sr. writings grandson , the writings .
&quot; particularly , in what that concerns to security and economy , we the interesting and real change that our country and needs &quot; .
after a period for of 81 years in the power , the writings was writings for vicente fox in the year 2000 .
the member writings admits that , after 12 years outside the palacio presidential of the writings , within the party there many expectations on to four writings grandson .
rejects also the rating that the opposition ago of lack of essence the new president .
&quot; is a man very sincere , very committed and with a excellent vision the country .
is a fantastic man of state and , for above of all , is a person that know listen . &quot;
without embargo , the another side the state that not is the impression that has great people on their former governor .
in writings , known also as city writings , the contrast with the streets writings of valley the credit not could be greater .
writings under at of social high is , in many senses , a suburb of the own city of mexico .
and the problems the local are also hard and most .
to principles of this year asked the intervention of the military for that this in the fight against the gangs of drug that operating in the our and the violence against the women is particularly serious .
in a area writings , on together to a landfill of about , have longer dumped in so only the two last years the in of dozens of women killed .
more of 1.000 women were killed in the state of mexico while the Sr. writings grandson was the governor , a rate much more higher that the of city great , and famous for their violence and a place that is synonymous of murder of women innocent .
the critical the Sr. writings grandson say , in the better of the cases , that not it we the problem the perpetrators while was in the he .
the more critical accusing to their administration of to the a eye .
in a house of concrete , place: the process area , writings writings has that to efforts for contain the tears while i shows pictures of their daughter away , writings a .
according the version official of the facts , writings by in 2010 .
without embargo , their family believes that their partner the bloody .
&quot; when i to their house , seemed as if he would flasks the body &quot; , reminds the madam writings .
&quot; had signs of that had been banking and the rigour writings already had appeared &quot; .
while their mother tracing the history , a picture of writings were since the would , together to a cross in the that now a only word and justice .
without embargo , that is exactly what that the family says that he has denied .
&quot; the authorities the state i have treaty as if outside a old writings , a writings , a writings .
what that want is that one simply accept what that they say and that street &quot; .
&quot; but that not can be when have there many irregularities and so from &quot; , that .
the on presidential that the president writings grandson will the saturday come by of a huge responsibility .
tens of thousands of families have seen affected for crimes violent in mexico for the last six years and the new president has promised give priority for their mandate .
&quot; i that be the same kind of president that was when was governor &quot; , says the member the writings writings in valley the credit .
without embargo , that is exactly what that the families of the victims of city writings more fear .
bradley bradley not on bad abuse , according practical the writings
the fiscal are of to with to the complaints of abuses of bradley bradley for their they in writings
the trial on in the period of bradley in the prison military of writings in writings
the defence to that hand the case on in that the imprisonment of bradley was writings
the soldier the army is accused of steal thousands of documents confidential .
the fiscal were of demonstrate the on that the soldier bradley bradley , accused of the greater initial of information confidential in the history of the states united , lost many opportunities of denounce the bad abuse that now alleges that suffered while was under arrest military .
for the interrogation that the public carried to bradley in a a when the trial in writings . writings , writings , the fiscal commander writings easter stated that the any of the visits week of official of the unit that bradley received for nine months of arrest in writings , before , not show no reporting on the treatment that received .
the interrogation , that was to out for a a by to as of the request of the defence of that refer the case given that their her had been for and that this already had of enough punishment , was a day after of that bradley would bulgarians that had considered in attempt while was arrested .
the different of intelligence the army , he in june of 2010 , is accused of steal thousands of documents confidential while was of service in iraq .
more afternoon , servers published the material in internet .
servers not has confirmed never that bradley outside the source of information .
in the a the on , easter revised with bradley the forms that the official vacuums after of the visits to bradley for their house in the prison military of writings , where was imprisoned in regime of maximum confinement since july of 2010 to april 2011 .
the official would made questions to bradley and noted their answers .
when the on easter asked on the forms , bradley recognised that had described the treatment that he they the writings as &quot; excellent &quot; and the treatment received in the facilities in general as &quot; very professional &quot; .
the forms not show no reporting of bad abuse , to despite of that the official asked to bradley directly on the treatment that received , stated easter .
bradley he that had expressed their concern on some issues and that the official that he visits had spoken of these problems and he had it that was , but that they not left have of these issues in the registration .
&quot; rhodesia &apos; without effects &apos; ( after of have spoken of the problems ) but this not means necessarily that i not would mentioned no problem &quot; , said bradley .
the judge , colonel the army writings writings , also asked to bradley for what not had in the treatment that received for the meeting that had place in january of 2011 with a council for of look the intentions of suicide that had expressed in a form months before .
bradley he that their intention for that meeting was the of obtain the reduction the regime of &quot; prevention of injuries &quot; under the which was .
the military said that he had since under that restrictive regime , that is a degree for below the of surveillance for possible suicide , for ensure their protection and the security of other people .
&quot; wanted that the state greater knew that i was well and ( wanted ) to of be under prevention of injuries ... for power enjoy of what that , since my point of a , is a better quality of life &quot; , said bradley .
bradley writings the thursday on their house in iraq and their to to kuwait , where was detained for almost two months before of be from to the prison military on in the basis of the marines in writings , before , in july of 2010 .
said that had considered attempt in kuwait and that in a opportunity lost the knowledge because the heat .
said that the fact of that not he one know what that he was and or what that was in the world foreign was very site .
&quot; my world reduced so only the camp writings , to that imposed &quot; , explained bradley the thursday .
&quot; i that was to die in that imposed &quot; .
bradley stated that , a time from to writings , was the majority of the days in a small cell , the less for 21 hours and to often for 23 hours , without company .
bradley said that so only he allowed have a buffer , a writings , writings , something of clothes and their from .
explained that through moving all the time , already that was banned sleeping or even writings for the day .
bradley stated that always had a light from of outside at to their eyes while her .
said that if the writings not could see the face when was the back for the night , he they for that be to be the back .
the lawyer of bradley presented in january of 2011 a complaint formal on the treatment that received bradley .
bradley was from to the prison military of eib writings in representatives in april of 2011 .
the on the judge asked to bradley on a plea that had made in the declaration the thursday , according the which , after be forced a night to sleeping asking in their cell of writings , he forced for a greater writings to stay of ordinary writings ahead of the writings and of other prisoners .
bradley had bulgarians that never he had given the opportunity of up with the writings for the greater .
for the interrogation of the judge the on , bradley said that writings for the order that he was the writings that should to fall the writings with the that could have covered , but recognised that no he had ordered that the quit fall .
bradley writings the thursday that he had forced to sleeping asking the night previous to cause of a attempt for demonstrate to a official that he not supposed a danger for same .
bradley stated that he had said the official that could have used the writings of their clothes internal or their writings for writings but that not what had fact .
bradley writings that that night had withdrawn of their cell their clothes internal , their writings and their from .
their lawyers have the hope of that the judge have the less in account the experiences for the that happened for their they in prison and case considerably their judgment in case of that outside condemned in the council of war , that is to that it to principles the year that is .
the defence stated that has to to that bradley be guilty of crimes under and defend other accusations considered too rigidly .
is to that the a resume this end of week and expected that the fiscal you that the conditions of the arrest were consider .
the pentagon has english that bradley was detained with to the rules of application to all arrested that who under maximum custody in writings .
the charges against bradley include cooperation with the enemy , to of way illegal the is of information in internet , initial of information of the defence national and theft of property or any public .
if is declared guilty of all the charges , could into to chain italian .
my crisis of identity mexicano-estadounidense
that that many were forced to leave mexico because to the lack of writings
the mexican are to criticise to the that were ; says that remind to the mexican of those times writings
writings is that the mexicano-estadounidenses are a between two are .
in a recent travel to city of mexico , hardly had down for the on and come to the area of processing of immigration and already was totally fit .
a notices indicated the way towards two fired and a for &quot; mexican &quot; and other for &quot; foreign &quot; .
i was there a seconds without be sure towards where should go .
the have grown in california central , for all my life i have called &quot; mexican &quot; .
is of writings ethnic , the same way in that my friends of boston are to same as &quot; irish &quot; or my friends of new york described to same &quot; italian &quot; .
more afternoon i i for &quot; mexicano-estadounidense &quot; .
but this was mexico .
and , in the homeland of my of , the writings or the repeat not were necessary .
simply was us .
i spanish . what enough well as for writings for a interview in this language .
but not i the level of vocabulary of a visitors and not i writings of my emphasis american .
that i my passport us and i seaside in the get of foreign .
i in who at of this week in the that the president elected of mexico , four writings grandson , visited the house white for meet with the president obama .
in the agenda the day , as always that meet the leaders of these two countries , mccartin and immigration , drugs and trade .
writings grandson was look about also the growth of the economy mexican , a of the reasons for the that in these at is so likely that a mexican i in mexico as that prevent to go to the states united .
to associated with states united and canada and create in with a block trade the lifestyle of the union european .
also , writings grandson promised continue fighting against the cartels of the drug in mexico , although not was details .
for mexico , the relationship with the states united is complex and is full of against .
probably the majority of americans never remember of that in 1848 the states united accounts mexico and neglect to their leaders to a the half of their territory to tip of gun .
but for the mexican , that think in dating , not in minutes , the elements that what remind are for all parties .
that , in the at in the that a official of the states united says any it that results the more minimum criticism to mexico , you to hear complaints , and in the press as between the elite mexican , on how the americans are writings the sovereignty of their neighbours .
and the children of writings are in ordinary of war .
and still , for mexico , the relationship that really is all a challenge is the that have with the more of 35 million of mexicano-estadounidenses that living in the states united .
we of against ?
there much .
in mexico there winners and as , people for the that the country provides opportunities and other for the that not is .
the only reason for the that there many people of a mexican living in cities as the angeles , the gambling , as , showed or st antonio is that , in some point of our tree writings , there a person , can that the father or the mother or any of the myself , to the that he emphasise the door of the opportunities in mexico and had that need towards the north .
and the majority of the sometimes that person serious in a profile at and fur dark , a level of studies under , from of a people poor , etc.
us we their hushed and they we loyal .
to mexico not .
and , to despite of that perhaps we living now the dream american , the have gone to good schools and have had good work , not we lose never of a that what that we living is that , the dream american , and not the mexican .
is possible that to sometimes our identity not is clear , but our kept that what is .
is for the states united .
also , we aware of that to many of the mexican from to the elite of the kind leading not they writings .
the feeling is mutual .
we are as a reminder of a defeat humiliating and we look for above the look as if ones of a category from that not is what enough mexican .
our spanish never will what enough good and our ties with mexico never be what enough strong .
to their way of see , our existence is synonymous of failure .
if our families not would failed in mexico , not would gone .
and now not we would a after this plainly of in , living well in the states united but , still , as applies writings .
my woman , that in guadalajara and wine legally to the states united when was a her , i reminds that there this writings between the mexican and the mexicano-estadounidenses because the first know with more sustainability who are and to the seconds this they have .
although is citizens' of the states united , she as part of the two countries .
while and , many mexicano-estadounidenses that i feel that not are part of none of the two .
we love listen the group mexican the tigers the north , but also to writings writings .
you what better of every country , but not are solid to none of they .
in mexico we are as americans .
and in the states united we as mexican .
now , for complicate still more the things , for what that i i was for my travel , some leaders mexican and some intellectuals want to to connect with the report’s .
want that the mexicano-estadounidenses work as &quot; ambassadors &quot; of mexico example , yourself their interests in the states united .
would to our his americans what fantastic that is visit that country and writings to the leaders political for that writings their ties with mexico .
, clear ...
that not is to it .
there too against .
and , with the inequality of wages , the corruption certainly and the violence for drugs , many of us not we so insurance of that be a country fantastic .
i fear that the die’ to made alone with this idea , friends .
is just .
if some mexican still not are prepared for pardon to the states united for the way in the that were to mexico ago a century and a , then have that accept the fact of that some mexicano-estadounidenses still are were for how by to their family ago it less time .
writings .
perhaps us more &quot; mexican &quot; of what that thought .
old battles , new middle writings
the high the ceasefire between israel and hamas well could be a basis little likely for the writings
will have some day a peace lasting between arab and jews in middle a ?
another to of blood that seems indicate that any hope is in no .
in a of the so and arise discussions on who began first , rubbish of buildings have been lower to rubble ; more of 140 palestinians , the majority of they civilians , and six israelis have been murdered and , for first time , missiles from of gaza have fallen close of tel aviv , the named of israel , and the city holy of jerusalem .
but , to despite of that the israelis and the palestinians seem be allocated in their former conflict , all as they surrounding in middle a is changing .
the spring arab what has longer all fact shattered they like or not , palestinians and israelis have been a in the mighty regional .
perhaps this will that their fight be still more as that before .
without embargo , there reasons for think that their anything situation of point died could writings .
a war that or lose or writings
to first a , the optimism seems currently very difficult of justify .
even if with the high the ceasefire agreed the 21 of november , the clashes of this week have a to the hawks of both sides .
the leaders of hamas , the movement islamist that has ruled gaza since 2007 , contend have forced to the israelis to from , to despite of that gaza has received a good death .
and to despite of have killed to some of their leaders and political to pressure to the 1,7 million of inhabitants of gaza in one of the they more it and world' the planet , israel not has been an with hamas .
of fact , hamas is gaining on in west , the other part of palestine currently liberal for their because rival of fatah , the writings palestine more tempered .
also , the leaders of hamas could to to the conclusion of that the time is to their favour .
given that the on have gone gaining influence for all the world arab , hamas has fact relations richest and powerful .
turkey , a writings power regional that previously had been the as muslim more near to israel , has espoused the cause of hamas . also what has fact qatar , one of the states more rich and dynamic the gulf .
the writings member of hamas say that the average a islamist is bishops israel , since the lebanon the north , where clearly the partido-milicia writings , and for syria , where the rebels of a trend every time more islamist could bring to bashar assad , to to to jordan , where the allies of hamas are threatening the king .
on all in the flank southern of israel , the growth of the brothers muslim targeted for the president writings writings in egypt , with difference the more forms and fundamental of the countries arab , has changed the balance of the region .
hosni côte , the free secular that period in egypt for 30 years to their fall in 2011 , not had too time for hamas .
in change , the brothers muslim are writings brothers of hamas and their leaders on more of the opinion popular .
in future actions diplomatic , is possible that hamas who as a the that not can exclude , or even israel and the states united .
while and , the terrorist for of israel blair the conclusion international .
in what that concerns the question military , have since to hamas in their on .
the system ballistic writings of iron of israel has shown their efficiency and many of the missiles of hamas have been destroyed .
the israelis writings more so ... for some time .
in as to the diplomacy , states united shows more firm that never ; many countries european also writings to hamas of have on the last wave of violence .
to all , israel has prosperous . particularly under the government of easy netanyahu , a first minister that has ignored the process of peace .
although the rockets internal since gaza have killed with the life of a 30 israelis since 2004 , israel not has had many terrorists suicide , in part thank to the barrier that thinkers west , the main could of a territory aspiring to become in state of palestine , and protects the settlements jews that still increasing to despite of that , according the legislation international , be illegal .
the Sr. netanyahu , whose party likud has the to a group of a line still more for led for writings writings in the period into to the elections the 22 of january , is in a good position .
for what writings to these writings palestinians thanking a state own ?
if really writings in west , not writings rockets such and as have fact their compatriots in gaza ?
is better into after that wall and give a good coup if rose the head .
perhaps will the terrorist for , although the spring arab could by their somewhere .
although the on that because the power in egypt and in other websites not have too love to israel , their priority will we the difficulties internal .
the budget of defence of israel is greater that the of their four neighbours arab together .
to a war with the superpower of the area proud will to the new governments arab to improve their economies .
that the pragmatic Sr. writings has worked with barack obama for to the high the ceasefire is a good well and could make the beginning of something .
also the israelis should think to long the .
with the rest the world arab whenever more democratic , deprived to the palestinians of their right to the of is create a volcano that a day writings in the territories occupied for israel , of the same way that this week bomb a bus in tel aviv .
the repression already is union the democracy in the state jewish and the demography by the situation to as that is the population arab .
the writings missions against gaza every two or three years for reject to hamas salaries a toll diplomatic every time greater .
both sides need a push of people do the conflict .
the solution still being the that writings people sensible of both sides , the majority the world foreign and this newspaper and two states and the regards of territory for part of israel for reasons of security .
the hope , small to short the , is that the high the ceasefire will a little more of momentum to the people do that are fighting for this cause .
egypt , that must start to to curb to the entry of weapons in gaza , together with turkey and qatar , is in a situation without unprecedented for convince to hamas of that accept the idea of a state jewish based in the borders of 1967 , with trade of earth and a jerusalem shared .
the arab outsiders the matter also should put to hamas and fatah for that join .
that would more to the creation of a state palestinian that the put attempt of obtain a category of state virtual in the un .
the Sr. obama also has a important role in what that as to to a to israel to the table of negotiating .
for their first mandate tailing present their own plan for the peace .
of new in the house white , seems as of reluctant to take their attention .
this attitude is a unfortunate vision of future .
a middle a stable is of vital interest for the states united .
this means a agreement of peace between israel and palestine .
the law of how noticed of tobacco get in force in writings
adequate on the risks of smoking and parties the body with diseases writings on warnings of a now colour green , that are the same for all the for of writings
the law – in on of tobacco and how noticed , maintain in the world , get in force and substantially the writings and the and of the for for a being of a now green olive , of images of parties the body with diseases and photos of children and babies people for be children of parents smoking .
to derogation of the different images and adequate health , the only difference between the warnings , compulsory since the saturday , are the names of the for , all they printed in a kind of source small .
is the regime more at the world implemented the how of tobacco .
the government federal of australia that that the aim is deter to the young of smoking by the we of the of that they that this smoking have convicted .
positive in studies that show that if a person not has started to smoking before of the 26 years , there a 99 % of for of that never what will .
&quot; can see that the children , even since very early age , understand the message that the company tobacco is trying sell to through of their ce &quot; , stated the minister of health federal , writings writings , i studies that were , for example , how the girls writings the logo of a crown with the idea of be a princess .
to despite of that australia account with a of the rates of smoking more low the world and that these changes not will too to the benefits of the multinationals , other countries are considering take measures similar .
the industry tobacco has put a pressure huge in against of the law .
the companies lines he that the law encourage the market black of tobacco , in the that the cigarettes would more cheap and more accessible .
&quot; the legislation series serious consequences do &quot; , said things writings , of the british diabolo tobacco , in australia .
will the amount of tobacco that will the plays of china and indonesia for writings in the streets of australia .
other people say that their business has also after the discharge of the law .
writings has , of writings writings writings writings , a small company family , stated that the demand of writings and area of silicone for heads the writings images of the warnings had caused almost since zero ago two months , when the british diabolo tobacco , writings &apos; lines: imperial tobacco , philip morris and were tobacco lost a challenge to the law in the court supreme of australia .
the Sra. has stated that writings had tickets to 6.000 units to financial wholesale and that was waiting more diminishing .
&quot; for us is a good business &quot; .
according the experts , the possible obstacle is the popularity of the networks social between the sector demographic the that being the plan .
after a series of laws collecting that is the advertising in the television and the sponsorship of sports and that on to the majority of sellers to not to the cigarettes to the a , the marketing the tobacco has last to be in line .
australia has banned the advertising in internet to companies and pages website local , but not can temporary in pages foreign .
&quot; if writings tobacco and so only you is this small window for promoting your products , the space in line is the place more convincing in the that be &quot; , said writings writings , action of health public of the university of writings .
writings observed a increase of writings on for from of &quot; citizens of to ordinary &quot; published in pages website of networks social as employ , about and facebook .
is we if is so only of a citizen private to who really he about the cigarettes writings and has taken the trouble of to a video or if any company of marketing is behind of all this .
the british diabolo tobacco of australia indicated that the industry on more in what that means the regulation new that in the marketing .
the industry has come even to pay for that ukraine , honduras and the republic dominican writings the new rules ; these countries are reacted to the organisation world the trade that is restricting the trade unjustly , to despite of that none of these countries has a volume of trade significant with australia .
is likely that the wto let a resolution to the of 2013 .
writings stated that the government had maintained discussions with other countries that are considering apply laws similar in on of how of tobacco .
in the year 2001 canada became in the first country that introduced the mandatory of include images in the warnings .
currently are compulsory in more of 40 countries , between the that are brazil , turkey and ukraine .
in great britain , new zealand , south and india is considering apply laws more harsh .
in australia many smoking show approaching .
&quot; the pictures not i affect .
simply not they i case &quot; .
&quot; writings the writings and she the package &quot; , says victor the writings while purchase a package with the image of a tumour in the mouth .
&quot; sincerely , only there a reason for the that would of smoking and for my daughter . &quot;
james writings , managing the writings luther of the pack in the centre of writings , that that the warnings uniform they that he it more complicated them in the shelves .
&quot; usually means a time in writings a over ; now writings four &quot; , that writings .
&quot; the government should have banned totally the tobacco and then , already is , worth , over and on the shop &quot; , says while was the hands towards it .
in a world constantly which , not is so dull a writings
for the seasons the day of action of thank of this year , of way unexpected i that it five hours in a airport because the air in the that writings suffered a problem falling and we that wait to that waited another air .
that i it time for think in the planet's .
not the i to lying .
writings a day in a airport waiting to that will a flight is quite them , even if you means for be dawdled , as books , periodicals or writings , without forget of the shops duty-free .
but every time there more academic and experts in development child that add the blessings the planet's .
according they , is well that , and us as our children , we writings of time in when .
dull forced the brain to find options interesting and can that will the creativity .
given that , currently , the majority of us we connected to this or to that screen , not we the benefits that impact the planet's .
that , should accept of good mood the planet's ?
.
and not .
but , already we of this more from .
in first place , the as that great people , supposed that , now that have of more time for the leisure , the planet's would a a relatively recent .
but , such and as that peter writings , professor of history greek and seen of the university of writings , in canada , and author the book &quot; writings and to writings writings &quot; ( &quot; the planet's , a history encouraged &quot; ) published in 2011 for writings them basque , not is .
&quot; of fact , the history the planet's is very sent &quot; , that .
in the walls of writings there writings in provide on the planet's that as the century i d.C.
also we consider how define the planet's .
&quot; the problem is that already has defined and discussed of very various ways &quot; , that john D. writings , professor of writings of the university of york in writings , canada .
after look the research published and to the idea to a group of discussion formed for 100 people , the professor writings and their colleagues defined the planet's as the experience of &quot; desired , but not power , participate in a activity that you full &quot; .
that that the difference between the planet's and the apathy is that the person not ago something but to do .
out that with the apathy not there the i of to something .
the experience main the planet's , that , is &quot; the at the process of attention , a to a under state of mood and to a feeling of that the time is slowly &quot; .
the planet's can alarm to it to the depression .
without embargo , the professor writings says that , although can be that , the people that are writings are to see the problem as a question the environment or the world , while that the people that are writings they that the problem what have them .
to sometimes we that we gallery , when what that we is in reality is that we problems for on .
in their study &quot; the writings writings and writings writings been writings of writings &quot; , published in the issue of september of the magazine writings on writings science , the professor writings and their colleagues were to a experiment previous in the that the participants writings a you of a person that as the article of a magazine .
some groups occupied in the in writings a programme of television to all volume that not bore no relationship , other what occupied with the volume under , of way that hardly was nationalistic , while that the third group not listened the presidency in no at .
the group that listened the programme with the volume under was more planet's that the other two groups ; they cost on , but not were insurance of for what and what inflow the planet's .
&quot; when writings writings in a task difficult or interesting , the at of the attention can a the planet's &quot; , indicated mark J. writings , professor of writings of the university of writings , in writings , and one of the perpetrators the study .
&quot; for another side , when are doing something them , as undetectable parts quite in a line of that , a music that you writings you can help to not writings &quot; .
&quot; of fact , currently we that moving or to writings , actions that to often are as sign of planet's , can in reality help to be , already that they that that person is with more early &quot; .
&quot; the research show that those children to the that they to moving about more and practical more information that those to the that they forced to be kinds &quot; , that the professor writings .
all we what that is dull in some at and the delay of a air , a speaker writings , a film particularly writings .
but some people have more trend to dull that other .
for help to writings , some researchers were in the years 80 a &quot; at of trend the planet's &quot; .
the at includes issues as &quot; many of the things that i that to are we and writings &quot; and &quot; there many things that i interested that not i time of do all &quot; .
referred writings , professor of writings of the university of west heated , that that , using these levels , the researchers have all that the boys have more trend to dull more to often that the girls , and specifically need more stipulation external and more diverse .
but , in general , the adolescents are a kind of group that budget with quite easily .
in 1991 , writings writings , professor of development human and community of the university of brought , was to out a experiment in the that were in contact with 400 adolescents and with their parents between seven and eight sometimes the day by a search .
found that the 32 for cent of the adolescents said that writings while was in the school or doing the duties , while that the 23 for cent said that writings when not was in the school .
for another side , the 3 for cent of the parents were that writings .
the professor writings said that not knew if the percentages of planet's current , 21 years after , would over or lower .
but said that what that knew was that &quot; the adolescence is a period in the that the planet's with their verde more are &quot; , in great part because to that and to the children as to the adolescents not they it a great control on what that want to .
that , being to my question the principle and is good dull ?
to sometimes not what is , already that , taken the far , can to that we exposing to risks that absurd , as to or or fall in the consumption of substances as method for be , such and as show the research .
for another side , many does and existing about of the connection between the planet's and the creativity , according that the professor writings , that has state looking this question for more of two decades .
&quot; the planet's is the way that has the brain of word that should be doing other it &quot; , says highly writings , professor of writings of the university of new york .
but the brain not always know what is what more appropriate .
if are them and you that energy for on the writings or they , that you shall .
but if a the television , is possible that you for to short the , but not to long the .
&quot; that , if your son is them and he feed a ipad , is possible that already not writings , but not will learned to guarantee for same or to writings &quot; , that the professor writings .
and &quot; that capacity of writings applies to other situations &quot; , out .
your son not only you to guarantee for only , but that you to brought better in other areas .
not i that really to to the planet's .
but not should be too critical with he .
our aim should be , more well , the of be love paragraphs the rumour constant of the activities and the technologies .
the professor writings is of agreement .
&quot; to our way of see , need writings more , but the planet's is a i too site and disturbing as for dedicated with something that deserves the it &quot; , that .
out that what that the people really search is a way of switch and of enjoy of a time died .
&quot; in a environment in the that we constantly writings &quot; , that , &quot; is difficult find forms of on our attention when the noise keeps &quot; .
therefore and without book of was for the new law on the consumption of writings
froude writings , student of 19 years in a institute community and came the of of therefore , faces to a process criminal for something that soon will legal in all the state and the possession of stones of marijuana and a writings that who for writings .
writings says that a day of september , he and some friends huge for writings , in the on urgently to the border of representatives , when the did the police .
the police found marijuana in the car and a time after writings received a court judicial for possession of drugs and articles that ( crimes under that these every one a fined of 100 usd americans ) in the that he her of the date the trial .
&quot; we are as to criminal &quot; , says writings .
and what are ?
in the weeks of uncertainty following to the vote that had place in therefore for the legalisation of the problems of small quantities of marijuana for use line , the response in hundreds of causes under for problems of drugs on less of the law that of the location .
hundreds of crimes under for possession of marijuana are subject and here as in the state of washington , where adopted a as similar .
the departments of police have longer of present charges against the one of 21 years for possession to small at , that will legally a time the law has into in force in the next weeks .
but the fiscal of districts more conservatives of therefore have committed to continue from with the cases open for possession of marijuana and still are i to people .
the same time , several cities , since the suburbs of showed to the of western , are voting for prevent that open shops of marijuana , it recently , in their communities .
&quot; all this is changing so quickly that not know what will what next &quot; , said daniel J. writings , head of police in writings , just the this of showed .
who with of the rules in the state of washington also are border border the matter .
and still for advice for establish a system of licensing of production , that , distribution and sale ; all this before of that will the date limit , the 1 of december of 2013 .
say that , for well or for , therefore is for ahead of the majority of the states in as to the regulation the use of the marijuana , first with for writings and now for use line .
&quot; therefore at of a market more question , that will a good on &quot; , that simpson E. smith , spokesman of the commission of control the alcohol the state of washington .
but the Sr. smith admits that any place or system only can to suggestions on what that could function .
&quot; not there a real precedent that we serve of model &quot; , that .
the law of washington , which I-502 , get in force the 6 of december , what that leaves also a year for the which writings between two water , already that the system of licensing in that state still not there , but the possession will legal .
also , there some issues brings people's that must resolved for that period , as the way of to a balance between the requirement the state of offer a &quot; access appropriate &quot; to the marijuana does and their ban of to business of cannabis in a radio from to 300 metres of schools , area , areas of at children's or centres children's .
&quot; in no place will more difficult heysel a business of cannabis for that in the areas urban , particularly in the area city of seattle &quot; , says ben writings , spokesman the centre for the cannabis legal , a group of research created recently .
the 21 of november , writings , the head of police of writings , saying a email an to their as of police in the that they her of that the fiscal of the city would of limited actions judicial for appalling hard for possession of marijuana to people one of 21 years and of that the police would of present charges against these crimes &quot; with effect immediate &quot; .
the head of police writings said that they away of to to the regulation of the city that regulates the cultivation of marijuana with for therapeutic and that would judgments to human and sellers of drug .
in the county of writings , in the north of therefore , the fiscal the district , held writings , represents a vision more strict .
after the vote , assured that their office mr judgments the cases of possession of marijuana , mainly for put to the consumers and that decide to receive treatment .
currently , 119 people face to charges for possession of 56 grams or less of marijuana , although many of they have other charges .
&quot; our office has the duty of limited actions judicial against those appalling that in the at in that were were crime &quot; , said the Sr. writings in a declaration .
the response has been complex even in places as the county rural of table , where the voters rejected the initiative on the legalisation of the marijuana .
the police of couple writings , the greater city the county , already not from to adults for possession of small quantities .
writings writings , fiscal the district the county , supported this decision , but also decided not presented none of the cases outstanding for possession .
&quot; not i that is losing the time the continue doing to the law to that this change &quot; , stated .
to despite of that the 55 for cent of the voters supported the as , never was that a the consumption of marijuana for use line the within the government and the system judicial outside to be easy .
the reactions at that for all the state are of that a marked ambivalence between the officials on the great experiment rené in this state .
&quot; is of a barrier cultural with the fiscal the district &quot; , that be writings , a lawyer of showed that represents to the accused for possession of marijuana and that is spokesman local of the organisation national for the reform of the law on the marijuana .
&quot; have last and time carrying to people to the courts that , in reality , still not can accept that be legal &quot; , stated .
the be the first states that they the quantities small of marijuana of the same way that if outside alcohol , therefore and washington prepare for become in the cases of proof to level national in as to the legalisation of drugs .
while lawyers and officials the state have with a new border of sales legal , also expect eagerly receive complied the government federal , that still but the consideration of the sale and the cultivation of marijuana as crimes federal .
the defenders of the legalisation of the marijuana have the hope of that the department of justice up .
to despite of that have there some than arrests of patients and sellers of marijuana for for therapeutic , the government federal has allowed in their majority that there business of sale of marijuana with these for in therefore , washington and 16 states more .
&quot; although is likely that the as into not writings doors is for in a bag of drug small , probably will against to allow the to of shops approved for the state for the sale of marijuana for use line , allowed in the new law &quot; , said writings A. writings , a writings of policy into of the administration of obama .
several cities of therefore not expect to that act the authorities federal .
even before the day of the elections , some governments local were writings on any shop new of marijuana , to despite of that will around of a year before of that anyone of them can open .
the week last , the city western of writings adopted a ban of six months and is likely that the it the week that is .
&quot; not we put in a situation in the that are to someone and then we a serious problem to level federal &quot; , explained approaching nicholson , member the was .
&quot; our community voted in against of this amendment .
we looking to favour of what that voted the community with to vote to favour of what that voted the state . &quot;
many questions the on .
writings writings and &quot; i plagued to as of oxford for be a writings &quot;
not attacks to the university for their points of a only writings
not i no at in my life in the that not has state dream in to a place in the university of oxford .
and my father as my for greater had state in the that i supposed was the better place the world for learn , a symposium greek of the was contemporary that viewed the two pillars of the civilisation and the thinking free and the tolerance .
without embargo , to the two weeks of to my place in the writings learned to end of the years 80 for within the career of history , already had fact the packed , what that triggered the first scandal of my life .
my father rest and retraced to innocent .
my friends were having .
the newspaper the writings writings stated that i had given because not writings that some his of university circumstances relations sexual in the room of the side .
the writer A. N. writings announced people that i had gone because i compelled to drinking in writings writings .
the truth was less amusing .
writings of there .
, writings , because had state under to a systematically harassment and intimidation .
not because to my writings name , or the fact of that from of a school private .
i plagued for a only reason , that in the cradle of the conciliation major was something extremist and barbaric and my father , the late writings writings , was a of advisory of margaret thatcher and i threw the party conservative .
perhaps ask to what is that now .
well , several reports that that a new generation of students of centre right is suffering a persecution similar .
the hatred ensure and increasing towards the students the party conservative is such in oxford that , the week last , a group of they called the same level of equality of rights that have the homosexuals , the disabled and the minorities ethnic .
member conservatives of the writings ( pooling of students of degree ) the doors writings learned practical that are &quot; to often serious paragraphs , personally attacked and treaties as people not maintaining &quot; for their ideas policies .
want create a since in the committee of equality of opportunities of their school university for they of power express their views freely .
their situation not to are for a recent in of the BBC2 called &quot; writings and recent , writings and on the writings &quot; ( the paradise and young , it and of left ) on the policy of the students and that presented to the evening as writings and writings .
writings the student of these words writings , subvert of the partnership the party conservative of the university of oxford ( writings ) , in a Rolls-Royce , often a and silver and a replaced with the writings of silver .
in other universities , the students conservatives say that they is as &quot; all of turkish &quot; for the introduction of rates of licence more one .
writings black , of 20 years and of of the partnership the party conservative of the university of lady , declared in a newspaper sunday that &quot; there a increasing trend of left in the universities .
the people clearly that we as the writings club without or so even writings &quot; .
writings writings , of 21 years and student of history in doors writings that presented the motion for a greater protection , that that this environment is &quot; extent &quot; , while that writings writings , of 19 years and president elected of the writings , that that the attitude of the member of the writings towards the people that are of centre right has very .
&quot; this is a threat for the environment of debate intellectual , as for the welfare of the member &quot; , that .
for my first weeks in oxford i more one that the a .
there in the university in september of 1986 , was a young of 18 years to writings .
the hatred towards the party conservative was in their point more high .
the year previous , the university had voted if to margaret thatcher , former – , a title &quot; close cause &quot; after the cuts in the funding of the education higher .
the environment would fact writings of desire to any some .
already for the first days of the week of welcome to the new university , when the new students know and know to the professors , i a shows of the bitterness that i expected .
found that the professors not only have the a eye to the rough that was of the university conservatives , but that involved in she of good earns .
the policy of the strike of the mining , the privatisation and the opposition the government to the sanctions against the apartheid in south arrived to the into of wood the seminar .
the first that i they into the english texts french the century was and i not was ready for what that wine to then .
&quot; violin writings &quot; , said the professor harry writings ( already died ) , &quot; for favour , become the first paragraph &quot; .
not realised or a .
writings , a man writings with a face that seemed mass of writings , knew well how out bad writings .
&quot; is that the writings refuse to learn french or is that , simply , are silly ? &quot; , asked .
the other university laughed .
i brought the eyes of the tears that was of contain .
&quot; he suggest that will to classes of french in their time free , always and when not is too from writings people &quot; , writings writings .
i to my room as a social in it .
that night i sat one to the time of the dinner in the university ; then felt a there straight in the on .
was a student of english of second year called james that presented as member of the writings .
&quot; know who 'i &quot; , i said respective .
&quot; i fear that is as is the it .
put with anyone that be having of be writings .
for me is very complicated , but know that your father is near to margaret thatcher , that for it will still worse .
many evening on for very be s &quot; .
more from , in a served local , i a over .
stressed in that not was of agreement with all what that said the Sra. thatcher .
that are was in .
a student of first year of philosophy , policies and economy that , very , had studied in writings , said and &quot; 'i daughter of a pork undemocratic .
are as &quot; .
other students adopted that writings .
i became in the how writings .
&quot; how have relations sexual the evening ? &quot; , asked one .
&quot; give a death the one the another , not ? &quot;
i felt of the same way that should have sense the homosexuals before of the law liberal of the years 60 .
could some day a a life normal in oxford ?
i be forced to made with people that you as i only after the writings ?
would that myself labour and misused my tendencies natural ?
the three years that i were were as a writings of ostracism and isolating .
the only professor openly writings was writings rolling , professor of history contemporary for to my school university .
he writings for be not only the party conservative , but also advisory of thatcher in policy foreign and a of the people that he rhodesia their speeches .
hardly was for there .
writings the place for that what was writings and forms and for their adherence to the vision marxista-determinista of the history .
in 1997 accepted a chair in the university of writings , in ankara , turkey .
&quot; here not you to be and &quot; , i said .
i to visit every of oxford to house of my parents in london , being refuge in my family and friends of mentality city more open .
he i to my father that hated oxford and for what .
not i believed .
when he came there in the years 40 , were all the points of a political .
&quot; but if is the better place the world &quot; , said with sadness .
&quot; they never would that , not there between my life dirty of dream .
to my friends communists always had a attitude ongoing &quot; .
their writings eyes began to writings .
&quot; writings other opportunity .
i sure of that what have fact only for writings .
i 'i the heart if what writings . &quot;
tired of many travel to london , my resistance emotional was worse .
a friend mine , that also threw the party conservative , had form to the pressure and had surrendered to their it .
the week next , for a seminar in the that another professor of history had hates , about totally in serious , that i was a &quot; enemy the people &quot; , i to what same .
red of shame for within , writings that my parents i had &quot; have the brain &quot; and they discovered &quot; old such &quot; .
the olympic for little time .
was my father who was the last nail in the nail of my career academic in oxford .
for who then my father may two we week in the press of for .
my door was closed with from .
i was within writings of fear and , with five minutes , my writings writings .
when were i the opened and took the first train to london .
never i .
perhaps i writings weak writings .
but no person of 18 years should be under to such level of intimidation and under in a institution learning .
what that is still more tragic is that was oxford , that not only has formed to 14 first ministers the party conservative but that , to day of today , this after a reputation nothing named of equality and freedom of thinking .
&quot; writings they the grace to the made &quot;
with reason of the shows &quot; writings and master of the remnant &quot; , that has launched this week in london , abc about with writings writings , writings Thyssen-Bornemisza and other rotterdam writings the european writings
farmers' reduce , former residence of writings i of england , is the only place in the capital british worthy of on a explanatory on writings writings .
the european what has recognised for the opening of &quot; writings and master of the remnant &quot; , a writings hindsight that meets more of 130 with of high remnant created for their &quot; writings &quot; for the last 50 years .
&quot; i this palacio &quot; , says with their produced emphasis italian .
this shows is the marks of a history whose only a is &quot; really &quot; writings , but that not could have been written without their almost writings .
writings always has sense always for the writings and situations world of the nobles .
in the first in of this explanatory , open to the next 3 of march , for letters private and summit with the signing of what more had of the aristocracy , since the princess writings writings khan to lord writings , and for the princess Marie-Chantal of greece and margarita of england .
writings teaches these memories personal as prime of their on social and of quite if of the city of writings , in the north of italy , to into of the &quot; jet-set &quot; international .
be writings of the in not has nothing of bad .
&quot; the less they not go the writings of their writings on your fortunately road as they some beautiful believed of the music failed &quot; , says the baroness writings Thyssen-Bornemisza .
in the years 60 and 70 , both we in the alps and were good friends .
writings is a exist witnessed and move with a and grace .
&quot; to all we writings be invited to their was in writings &quot; , is the writings of &quot; writings &quot; thyssen , link of speak neglected as writings writings or writings writings .
writings always has have the grace to the made .
and still , is a star .
writings writings , often a writings
the model argentina writings writings not it the weber the if .
ago many years , after of a inciting in writings realised writings , in rome , were to at to their visited .
were twenty people , between the that were sharon rolling and john as writings .
in every detail the visited , the look , the food , the music , in all was and was their spirit .
&quot; to every one of the invited we was feel important and ones &quot; , reminds the &quot; set writings &quot; , that started to work with he for the week of high remnant of paris , in 1995 .
&quot; never is of fashion because their ways are works of art &quot; , off .
inciting of writings
the life of writings not is a history of writings , but of national well writings .
he much to the people with good education and best titles , and they he love to he .
a of the terraces of farmers' reduce has been into in a writings europe's of sixty metres of long that proposes a change of patterns and the iii taking the place of the models and must writings for the europe's for of to a &quot; hearing &quot; of dream that is works unintended of writings , as the sterckx that was writings as for their so with aristotle writings , the writings that actually romania's writings in &quot; the writings &quot; , or a dirty of union's and fur that was to the writings writings writings .
in that public of writings writings names as the of writings of luxembourg , revisit von writings "first writings , Mette-Marit of norway , writings of bulgaria or 'decade of whose .
writings writings and the if , in 2006
many of these writings say that the first writings is as the first love , &quot; impossible of forget &quot; .
what i perfectly .
was a minus , a are , a writings &quot; writings &quot; and a jacket of the set otoño-invierno 1971-1972 .
&quot; was a gift that i was he &quot; , says writings writings , a of the move the european .
&quot; what prefer to he for above of other for their writings , for their great love to the women , because writings our beauty &quot; , they the former writings of fair .
i like much the and that used , have great light and are &quot; donor &quot; to the face .
the proportions are perfect .
the princess and writings of fashion patricia writings writings one &apos; writings can forget the first time that westwards a writings .
when was specifically and living in italy , illusion with to to have the age and the opportunity for power use one of their makes of night ...
finally was the time to end of the years 90 .
writings my first sterckx of writings for use in a people in the house of my face , the prince writings of writings .
was a and red , with short of writings , &quot; writings &quot; writings and cover word of honour .
&quot; was a dream fact reality &quot; , says the he of writings one &apos; writings .
&quot; writings is that to the fashion , their move is what writings &quot; , is this writings italian that live between paris , new york and good aires .
the princess one &apos; writings an their with of people the if with &quot; the only care ... because a sterckx not is only a sterckx , also is the whole of memories that means &quot; .
the &quot; king &quot; of the writings
the great end of the explanatory of farmers' reduce is the and of writings of Marie-Chantal miller in their so with paul of greece in 1995 .
did four months of work and 25 &quot; writings &quot; ( as is the if to their writings ) for up that and of in colour paper with sumptuous of criminalizing , twelve types of threaded different and a get of four metres and a .
according the journalist overhead writings , maximum authority of the press telling , who sterckx represents a milestone of the high remnant of end the century by , &quot; the return of the writings of the high society &quot; .
writings for years with the &quot; savoir-être &quot; of the elite , now writings is their better exemplary .
writings realised great writings ( the distinction of more high those in italy ) , writings the writings , writings of holdings &apos; writings des members' et des writings , writings with the on of honour , writings accumulates many take as anyone of the writings of their writings .
&quot; always i has called the attention their processing , their restored , their aspect writings and was &quot; , is one &apos; writings .
the last time that what i was ago a month in a dinner of and in the museum of writings .
he was in the table of the rostopchine writings of writings , a great she grandparents' .
&quot; was ongoing , the time not is for he &quot; .
if what says a princess ...
the job more hard the world and the writings human of writings writings
for four eur , the writings the eruption indonesian their the life and the health writings 70 kilos of sulphur to through of writings life of writings
there people for the that their work is a hell and other that , literally , from in the hell .
is the case of writings writings , one of the 400 mining that earn the life are sulphur the eruption writings writings , the this of the island indonesia of is .
for this , has that down every day to the fund of their writings , where the gas sulphur that from of the going of the earth writings the into in contact with the air .
after torn large swimming of sulphur , that in total come to despite a 70 kilos , the in in two baskets of writings that burden on their of to through of writings life of stone .
are only 250 metres to the top the eruption , that risen to 2.386 metres of altitude , but the exhausted writings slow more of 40 minutes in worth to step of tortoise , in the balance and writings with needed their steps for not writings and fall for the writings .
know that any am could cost the life , as he happened to a tourist french that writings ago years for the writings the writings writings .
the mining of writings writings earn 5 per of euro for every kilogram of sulphur that writings
a time it , scope step between the tourists that the writings as if are guantanamo of circus and , writings writings the debt writings , country three kilometres to the into that a company mining has it a little more is , to 1.850 metres of and .
is of writings writings writings , a company that exploited since 1960 the eruption and , never better said , to their workers , to the that would 662 writings indonesian ( 5 per of euro ) for every kilogram of sulphur .
then what sells for 10.000 writings ( 83 per of euro ) to the industry right , already that this uranium is general in the life daily and used for to writings , fireworks european , cosmetics , ditch and to for used the sugar .
&quot; as what normal is blame 70 kilos , become 46.000 writings ( 3,8 eur ) in every travel &quot; , we is writings , who is a three writings any .
it three hours in every one and just powders , but he which frf 138.000 writings ( 11,5 eur ) the end the day .
although seems a misery for so inhumane effort , is the three of what that would in the camp .
&quot; the writings of the mining is very high here , where the maize the coffee would to 15.000 writings ( 1,2 eur ) the day and the salary a monthly is of two million of writings ( 167 eur ) &quot; , will the writings , that before working as writings in the tourist island of bali .
there , their paid was of 75.000 writings ( 6,2 eur ) the day and the older not was so hard , but writings has again with their family to writings , a people near the eruption , for a reason of weight that , in indonesia , is so be as the sulphur and &quot; i educated with a young of bali , where are writings , and the i brought to is for that become the islam &quot; .
writings has asthma , workplace with difficulty , writings constantly and he fact the eyes for the greenhouse writings
to their 27 years , writings has three writings the writings in the writings writings , whose sulphur already has started to pass slow despite to up the face with a blinkers and from special .
has asthma , workplace with difficulty , writings constantly and he fact the eyes for the greenhouse they that fires the eruption .
is the price that must pay for to their dream .
&quot; working two years more because i open a shop or to spanish or french &quot; , promised in a english more that acceptable .
assessed for the life , this young appealing and intelligent could be on tourist , writings or right of a hotel , but in place of that ago the work of a we .
writings a been cattle of wood with other writings , was every day to the two of the brave because the sulphur not leaves of writings of night , when their listen colour writings serious blue and sun in a of the living .
defiance the shadow , writings and the writings writings with a small writings writings to their involved , that he same has arrive with their money .
a 400 writings share the baskets of sulphur on their of since the fund the writings
to despite of their great benefits , the company mining not has writings the mostly the sulphur for save costs or country no equipment to the writings , that working for their account and to and the weight .
of fact , or even are part of the 30.000 writings ( 2,5 eur ) of merchants for house that , together to the entry of 15.000 writings ( 1,2 eur ) , the she of this road natural what to the tourists that on for filming the eruption and to their writings human .
&quot; this work is for the rests and not for the people &quot; , protest writings , a writings writings of 42 years that has in the writings writings three decades , since that for the school .
able of lift to 110 kilos , ensures that writings working &quot; all what that can &quot; because needs the money for educate to their three children , of between 18 and 10 years .
not i will , a here because the eruption has been all my writings
although the sulphur burning the had and writings the eyes when the wind change of electricity and catch to the mining in the writings we that are the eruption , are so hard that none complaint of would diseases serious ... more beyond , clear is , of their arise problems respiratory , writings , will in the knees and points in the of , that have writings for the weight of the baskets .
writings the writings on their on , writings already only can blame 50 kilos to their 53 years .
every day , he and their his slow 15 tonnes of sulphur the eruption , that three over are the rush of writings , to 18 kilometres of distance for a way of testing between the tangled .
&quot; not i will , a here because the eruption has been all my life &quot; , claims writings opening well the mouth , where he are several and .
of their five children , the greater , of 30 years , also from writings sulphur .
the time is , but the misery perpetuating of generation in generation one of the qualifications more hard the world and the that they the writings human the writings writings .
singapore search babies for save the writings
the writings blamed to the career , the stress and the costs of the properties and the education for not have children .
&quot; the population of singapore needs up &quot; .
i a it writings , 'i my wife writings , it expect with our duty czech and we life writings
can a improbable that these pound be part of a announcement of largely of writings , but to despite of that - or perhaps because to that - the presidency returned writings in employ in singapore to principles of this year .
the the are part of a writings that used references local as &quot; we to to a writings ( writings ) in the power &quot; for matter of the rate of birth of singapore .
the company of advertising that was the presidency , writings , galileo the hope of that with the announcement forgetting draw the attention on the problem of a way amusing .
their director creative , writings writings , says that wanted use the power of the music for that the people we with &quot; their duty national &quot; .
this is something purely of internet , that we that do it and it .
is the greater problem in this country .
we the worst the world in writings to us same , that we that this was a issue that we that we .
knew that the government had tried many things , as launch writings with writings or organise writings of quotations quick ( speed-dating ) .
many of these ideas can have been creative , but not necessarily usually .
that we , for what not we what more creative possible for matter this problem , that is put a writings ?
1,2 writings
the that not what taking so to the there is the government of singapore .
spent writings $ 1.300 the year in policies for encourage to the citizens to have more children .
a package the government for marriages and parents make to 15.000 usd for child , stretches the licensing for maternity and year benefits fiscal .
but all this has had little effect .
singapore is a city state rich and of high technology in the of of asia , also known for the track of their leaders and their strict controls social .
the rate of birth of singapore , of agreement with their division national of population , eu currently in 1,2 children for woman .
the last time that was for above of 2 -conocida as rate of reposición- was in 1976 .
that for what the writings not have more children ?
so wei writings , there of policies of they and family of the division national of population , says that is because to a &quot; better education &quot; and &quot; a range more wider of opportunities of career &quot; .
&quot; that he has allowed to the people have of a range more wider of options in terms of objectives of life and priorities , more beyond of thought and be a family &quot; , is .
these changes in the rules social have contributed the increase of the writings , and to to the they and the registered , what that it as result a in of the rate of birth in singapore .
while and , a policy of immigration eu tip to increase considerably the immigration for to with to the in of the population has created hypocritical between the population local .
in singapore there websites website where corruption the xenophobia hardly disguised against many new immigrants , in particular the chinese , to the that critics for to the wages netherlands and not sign .
the increase of the immigration also is seen as a of the reasons for the that the year last the party of government of singapore dropped their worse result electoral since the independence .
since the elections has there a attempt of correct the problem , with the quotas and taxes more higher for the workers foreign .
consequences writings
while that the fall in the rate of birth has effects known in the growth economic of a nation , the income fiscal , the costs health and the policies of immigration , the example of singapore also is with some consequences increased .
the government to that not strip many houses small .
for example , has started to affect the sector really .
the authority of development urban has last to control the number of who small , known as &quot; cash of shoes &quot; , that can to in certain areas of the city .
these who have land of 46 metres square and have had much success of sales .
without embargo , there concern of that can promote a lifestyle of life of writings and writings to the developers that want to houses large , family .
but writings writings chee , director general of the company buildings the writings , says that their &quot; boxes of shoes &quot; are much more faster that the units more large .
are more popular , in the sense of that the units partly days , even weeks , more faster that the units of greater size .
this ago that be much better for our flow of cash .
without embargo , admits that the new rules give guidelines more clear for the developers , to the that before they were legal if wanted offer many units small in a project .
too writings
singapore is a city state .
if well these new rules can be a step towards the increase of the rate of birth national , the about with the writings that working in the district financial the centre prompt that not will to have much effect .
&quot; the people is very writings , the houses are faces and also what is the education , for what that many people what are postponing &quot; , says a young executive .
other people can have children .
&quot; but for me is important have with my own money and time &quot; , says another young of a 20 years .
men and women mentioned their career , the stress and the costs of the properties and of the education as the for that they from have children .
that , for much that the government on of a to their citizens to have children , when is of to babies , the writings are who have the last word .
what private virtually as is private on writings
privacy .
of agreement with the mr of the real academy spanish is of the partnerships of private or &quot; the area of the life private that has right to protect of any upon &quot; .
what is private for a a of 16 years ?
how applies this definition in their life daily and in the networks social ?
understand the dangers to the that is mr for writings in internet situations that this not be outside of line ?
writings met to five girls of between ten and 15 years , users frequent of the network .
in four of the cases , writings the term to &quot; something very mine &quot; , in the at staff , and &quot; in the key and name the such &quot; , when what according to networks social .
&quot; my secret more about not the writings to a &quot; , says s , of ten years , when to explain the meaning of private in websites as facebook , about , yahoo and writings aid writings , where has auditors since ago two years .
&quot; are secret very secret , my may can get , but not all the world &quot; , that .
in writings writings images fine or of games .
also i writings with my known .
&quot; not be a it that not be grandparents' , or of someone that is doing the my &quot; , says .
the child is that is publish pictures writings , of people bare , of crimes or drawing comments cruel or violent .
s ensures about to the 35 friends that has in writings and to their nine followers in about .
the majority are relatives .
the mother is including , has the key of a of the auditors .
writings about for i and drawing writings interesting .
&quot; not know if i writings , i only the writings &quot; , they .
&quot; the networks social are humorous , i about with relatives hordes or with my friends of way swift &quot; , that .
not doubt in answer that never accept a request of a person mobilise .
or he would case to someone that he as to a strange .
the case of josé , of 14 years , is different .
the specifically has auditors open in yahoo , facebook , writings area and writings , in this last admits not about to 20 of the people writings in their list of friends .
&quot; not i emerging , because we something in common , the music for example &quot; , that .
according the child , none he has hates or he has asked the direction of their house or their number of on .
&quot; if i writings or i what writings simply the i of my account &quot; , is .
josé was he of writings , then of read a recommendation in about .
the child not he are do the experiences of what that today knows as writings .
to a known of a my she what were writings in a network social .
what also and he demanded money .
&quot; never it who was &quot; , ensures .
the victim , according josé , not emphasise the account .
&quot; only he was privacy &quot; .
then is a series of steps for assess the account of way safe .
to difference of s , this boy writings summit of known in situations upon or writings .
what would , if i is or he wearing i .
&quot; although know that that is writings &quot; , that .
questions writings
writings writings , masterpiece of english and ambitions in education and learning , as that for use to the children and to the adolescents must understood that the purpose of the networks social is inform .
&quot; internet and as a a for find information , but with the writings of these websites things the rules the at &quot; , mentioned .
writings out that the academic eminent writings , phd in writings for the university of writings and author of the work ever and immigrants digital , it these terms for explain the a .
the ever digital are they , the children and young that born with the technology .
&quot; us we the immigrants digital that we that they to they , when still we to &quot; , says .
is that the issue is complex , &quot; because they we asking that have a the defined on what for or not provide , publish or say to a age that the maturity not it for that &quot; .
&quot; also that be surely when what that more they is is be popular , have thousands of friends without think in the consequences &quot; , they .
according the prominent , the way more effective of teach what is privacy to children and adolescents is to through of questions that the they think .
&quot; tell that not what will not of &quot; , writings .
to then , writings lists some options and there things that not he writings to a strange , for what what asked in internet ?
or , you like that publish a it of it as the that writings of a friend ?
know what that the other publish on it ?
when labels summit of seasons , writings permission to the other people for writings ?
and a more , all need know what what are doing every at ?
another point is them see that must act on as as what they virtually as .
are the same rules .
&quot; one outside of internet it with respect , morality and other principles , as must be in the networks social &quot; , that .
writings
writings spanish , professor university , professor of primary and rpii education , is that is is that the parents of family read to awareness the policies of the networks social .
the understand every one of the writings they have basis solid for i with their children on the implications of open a account in internet .
&quot; for example , the age and what that is allowed share or publish &quot; , says .
of agreement with spanish , is key remember to the children the lesson of &quot; not writings with off &quot; .
that summit of the writings without to public the declaration of writings
the i summit presidential of the union writings of nations ( writings ) a today in peru without that have public the declaration of lima , promised prior and technically tabled for the seven it parliamentary .
writings tried in which opportunities access the document signed in the i meeting ordinary of heads of state and of government of the writings , but sources of writings and of presidency as in a beginning that what you to hand after the closure , but after he that in some at published in the website the government peruvian .
the be consulted for the text , as that the content had been mr for the president of peru , writings writings , for should statements to the press .
the access of the journalists to the information of the summit was restricted in all at .
for the working only put , in the in of press , the presidency without were of the house presidential with the message &quot; sitting private , presidency restricted &quot; .
the little information that writings between the march was from for the that of press of some of the governments of the writings parliamentary to the from , although not the peruvian .
the only document shocking for the working was the list of presidents parliamentary , what that caused the malaise of hundreds of journalists of various means national and international that were one data .
subsequently , the presidency of peru saying a email an to the means with the &quot; declaration end &quot; of the summit , but is the statement of writings , and not the document official that emphasise the summit .
in october last , peru was the exist of the iii summit america the Sur-Países taking ( writings ) , and in that opportunity , despite to be required survived for the press , not was the also call declaration of lima that prior had announced .
in the website official of writings can gender that the document was published the last tuesday .
in both quotations international , the authorities appalling regards in that would systems of sexually penalties for all the journalists but constrained the maximum the it of information .
the summit a also with the compromise whole of chile and peru of accept a ruling of the court of the has that occupy a writings border between both countries .
the presidents of peru , writings writings , and of chile , later later , met for the from regional and ratified that hinges the decision of the ( writings ) , that begins the monday in the has to listen the rebut of both parties , in the process that lima presented against santiago .
&quot; writings and writings the judgment that european the differences that today day we carrying to this court international &quot; , said writings , together to their couple writings .
&quot; chile has been , is and is to continue being a country environmentally the right international , of the solution peaceful of the settlement , of the treaties and of the courts international &quot; , manner later , and welcomed with a with of hands to writings , together to the flags of the two countries .
the confirmation of both presidents of that put to the writings happened then that colombia provocations this week the pact of lejos for the that had accepted as to the for of that court international , then of a decision on limits maritime with nicaragua that was serious the .
the summit carried with the writings of the presidents of brazil , writings writings ; venezuela , hugo chávez ; bolivia , ayma's moral ; and argentina , cristina kirchner .
paraguay , thursday of writings since 2011 after the dismissal of their former president ferdinand writings , not was of the from .
the president exist , writings writings , was the for of open the discussions in the tomorrow and their the summit , little after the at of lima .
the event read the document end in the that was that adopted 16 agreements and they the lines of action for 31 projects between the countries bringing for a total of 17 billion million of usd in investments .
between the agreements hope mrs that the countries of writings will &quot; steps important towards the goal of a from south for what that we extending the agreements on residence &quot; .
was that are actions for improve &quot; the cooperation in the fight against the uncertainty citizens' and against the crime organised writings , actions for to more accessible the medicines , the access to internet to under price in all the they of south , and a of way joint and efficient the risks of disasters natural &quot; .
with a europe in crisis , &quot; the consolidation economic ( of america latin ) not must have a advocates writings but that must serve for extend writings advocates productive and see a better future for our peoples &quot; , manner writings .
&quot; we decided financial a group of 31 projects joint that improve the connection of the initial of america the southern , particularly in areas rural and of borders ... and to our countries and power new them economic &quot; , said the president peruvian in a message read .
between these projects , mrs that five people to peru , and writings malawi in the themes transversal of their territory , since the coast towards brazil , and two invite to a greater connection with between , although not was one details .
also , the document end mrs the situation policy in paraguay .
&quot; we that the process electoral in that country serve for their them to the union of nations american &quot; , of the which is currently excluded .
the need of that america latin keep as a region of prosperity and peace , integrated , and of good relations between neighbours , was another of the affairs really for the summit .
in this sense , the president of colombia , that manuel holy , said before of to their participation in the from regional that expected meet with their couple of nicaragua , daniel ortega , the saturday in mexico for treat in way develop the writings maritime after a ruling of the writings , legislation for lejos .
&quot; the day of tomorrow ( saturday ) is possible that have a find with the president daniel ortega &quot; , said holy .
&quot; we to review all these "information , not are obviously , as the treaty with nicaragua is to require a conversation with nicaragua &quot; , that .
&quot; with the president ortega i power tell that influence this of the way more civilised and develop possible &quot; , supplemented holy .
holy and ortega promised the saturday in mexico where have to attend to the taking of command the new president of that country , four writings grandson .
also , as part of the summit , the ministers of defence the block met prior for approve the plan of action the year 2013 , that search strengthen the dialogue and the consensus in on of defence in the region .
argentina , bolivia , colombia , between , peru , brazil , uruguay , venezuela , chile , main , antilles and paraguay expanding writings , although the last country is thursday .
peru has the presidency for writings the block regional .
&quot; writings must learn of europe for integrate a from &quot; and raphael writings
the president of between , raphael concluded , stated today that the creation of a from common is a goal in the that &quot; writings , in this case , must learn of europe &quot; .
concluded , that was in the i summit presidential of the union of nations writings ( writings ) , held in lima , declared to the state tv peru that the european &quot; her in the second war world &quot; and in other conflicts , &quot; but now are practically a homeland &quot; .
for , in that sense , the project of establish the from writings that informal the countries member of the writings .
&quot; there that to the free mobility of citizens and workers for any country writings , as already happens with the present of the community andean , but still there sectors paying that we want back the last &quot; , emergency .
the president priest was , also , to favour of the means of the organisation of states american ( writings ) under the premise of down the influence of the states penal and have in account to the that have signed the pact of st josé on the rights human .
the that give chair never committing to nothing and , in change , us the writings what we all .
&quot; is incomprehensible that the commission venezuelan of rights human is in washington under the funding of states united &quot; , stated in great the asylum political given for between the founder of servers , julian assange .
concluded assured that not is writings of that decision because with this not has president their principles , but that has respected their &quot; about values democratic and of rights human &quot; .
manner that , in their at , &quot; had suspicions at of that assange outside suspected to a third country and not respect their process &quot; .
here , also , to the justice swedish for observance that put in their territory the interrogation for a alleged crime sexual when &quot; the own legislation swedish to carry by features , that could to since the embassy of between in london &quot; .
concluded stated that there the risk of that deteriorate the health physical and mental of assange .
&quot; not i spoken with he since that is in our embassy , but the ambassador i was that had a small problem writings , nothing serious &quot; , said the event priest .
what that there is the danger of that deteriorate their health physical and mental for be confinement in a space small without power to occasional the air free .
&quot; that yet the health of any person &quot; , manner .
concluded pointed that the solution the asylum towards to assange since june in the embassy writings in london , by the issue of a writings that he to travel to between , is in hands of great britain , sweden and the authorities legal european and that that has there discussions with london in search of a solution the writings the founder of servers .
us not we with rights human , that word not the we in this case , but has there permanent discussions .
&quot; the solution of this problem is in hands of great britain , sweden and of the authorities legal european because the lawyer of assange , writings garzón , is doing a series of procedures in different this european &quot; , mrs .
and time that &quot; if great britain it tomorrow the situation this just &quot; .
and if sweden , as perfectly what to their legislation and as has fact in other cases , writings the mr assange in the embassy of between in london or what writings to writings tomorrow same just this problem .
concluded took for after as a ombudsman of the freedom of press and writings that what that not pastries is &quot; the driven , the bad faith and the lie , that weaken the freedom of expression &quot; .
&quot; the one enemies of the freedom of press not we the political concerning and wicked but the bad journalists in role the sake , the them and the extortion &quot; , said .
in that aspect welcomed that already not be these journalists &quot; or the bankers or the countries hegemonic and writings the that and to between &quot; , and anticipated that of be for &quot; requests in the revolution for continue the way and the direction right &quot; .
concluded also supported the decision of to the veto to paraguay in the writings the less to their next elections , the further that the atomic &quot; must be firm and not tolerate the opportunism and the writings enormously of legality &quot; because in reality &quot; both the legitimacy of the democracy writings &quot; .
the president priest was , also , &quot; perfectly irrelevant &quot; the i of their put government , that manuel holy , of negotiating now with nicaragua the limits maritime between both countries after the ruling of the court international of justice of the has , that conflicting to the sovereignty maritime writings .
for the at not game that ruling .
is a problem between a country south and one writings .
the conflicts are inevitable , but must be benefit for the will of walking together .
there that them of way wider for overcome and continue from .
also viewed in a good conclusion the came for limits maritime that are in the same court peru and chile and time that &quot; is right for america latin find this international if the two countries committing to accept ruling for hard that be &quot; .
in reference to the eventuality that this as candidate in the next elections presidential in between for find a third mandate a pointed that is that possibility &quot; with much optimism and in , although to sometimes is quite hard &quot; .
concluded assured that if lose the beginnings of february the 2013 will of the life public .
in what staff never i has interested the power , but in situations so unfair as the of between that poverty such only can correct since the power political .
&quot; my movement writings believed that was i who for that likely victory , because we that accept that writings &quot; , said .
of earn would my last period in the presidency and of that are of the life public .
if we as .
&quot; is a decision &quot; , stated .
concluded he also the new treatment of health the president writings hugo chávez in cuba .
just of about with the of writings claus writings and i says that went to a treatment that already was planned , of regular , that there that is the campaign for to to cuba .
&quot; not means a renewed in the state of health the president chávez &quot; , told .
the head of state priest was today in lima in the i summit of heads of state and government of the union of nations writings ( writings ) that a with leads to a greater integration regional for have the progress , the equality and the security .
deaths for aids today are cause of detection writings
writings had 21 years of age when he confirmed the result of the proof and aids positive .
&quot; was as if i be a nuclear &quot; , concerns the outline the at the announcement , that the doctor through to &quot; more writings &quot; , without success clear .
the child what concealed to their family .
decided done he only of their disease and started to inform on she ; with such as that already writings their birthday 43 .
is , without doubt , one of the patients more former of the unit of hiv the hospital civil of guadalajara ( writings ) , to the that was in 1994 after of several battles .
writings live with the virus of the one human ( hiv ) since ago 22 years , something difficult of imagine to principles of the 90 , when had many doubt , few options of treatment and more stigma .
then , to the director of a after the writings prevented writings of he &quot; because read a cut &quot; .
then , have aids was synonymous of death .
now is possible survive to this psychiatric and do with quality of life .
without embargo , uninformed of their disease , still many people come when the virus already has caused havoc , &quot; fully &quot; their system immune and are victims of infections pair .
to 31 years of the emergence the aids in the world , the less of the first cases writings , &quot; the great achievement means in this at that the writings of a patient that start treatment in way well and the writings of the population general , is exactly as &quot; , indicated the head of the unit of hiv the writings , jaime writings writings , after he that this information was accordance in april of this year in a is scientific prestigious .
writings and expert in hiv / aids , writings writings told that since the year 2008 , the scientists had concluded that the aids not was a judgment fatal , but the years of natural and the quality of life on the degree of prepared the system immune that about the patients the to the diagnosis , with better i for who not are users of drugs and of to 30 years with a writings of 200 CD4 and of 50 years , when our 500 CD4 .
in words mere , what previous means that who have the diagnosis of hiv positive to the 25 years of age , under these terms &quot; while keep in control will live without problems to the 75 years &quot; , explained the interviewed .
for writings this progress , is remember that the hope of life of the mexican today is of 76 years in average .
if well the mortality has down significantly in the last years , in the case of mexico , the number of people that die of aids up of 6,678 cases in 2007 to 4,862 in 2011 ( earlier annual of writings ) , also is true that since the emergence the aids , 60 for cent of the patients in the basis of data national have died .
only in writings 255 people died in 2011 , and will 187 deaths to may of this year ; not but ensures that there access universal to the drugs side since 2005 .
- for what still there deaths ?
- to me i seems that the problem not is of access to treatment .
what writings , we has happened in our hospital .
the less in the last 12 years not we had writings of medicine the problem is that the patients come very nuclear because do their state of infection , or be , in stages late of the disease .
was a this be and &quot; nine of every ten patients come when already about any infection west's what that has that to for have a greater impact on the mortality global , is to fresh more writings and , for what and , have that offer evidence of detection of way mass , to all the people that what particular &quot; .
in their proposal thinking specialists and officials the council state of prevention the aids in writings ( writings ) , also the own patients , as writings , who total to done the proof to a laboratory particular , only reasoned because what had fact a friend and , despite to their shorter age , already was in stage of aids and even coming writings of writings , a tumour writings that is a of the complications common .
all change when know that you aids .
some think that will to die and not want know nothing .
&quot; if already i i to die , better i writings three sometimes to the week &quot; , say not in my case .
the change was for improve , i ordinary well , i exercise , the medicines .
to the date , their parents only know that coming cancer .
live a life normal , as anyone .
&quot; work , i many activities , am , i a life sexual active , but responsible , i undermine to me and to the other person &quot; , listed writings , who accepted share their privacy with millennium writings for motivate with their eyewitness to who today , in the framework the day world the aids , have fear .
that they the proof , if had risk , that between more soon know if are hiv positive , is better and if already have the diagnosis , that learn that can live as any person , being responsible .
this , their message , welcomed the motto of battle the aids this 2012 .
condoms after the writings
large are the bits that there between the programmes of health and the citizen common , affirmed de de , journalist writings who has taken the cause in about the hiv .
and the more largest is in prevention .
in the places feel to this task &quot; work has by the we of condoms , before we they of one or two , now we give packages of to hundred , and that is very well but is that there who today , still , not have access to a result &quot; , said .
between the more vulnerable to new infections are the adolescents .
&quot; for what the your ? &quot; is question common , with the and trials of value of managerial social , writings pupils , employees of finding and staff of health , to the that not want put the adolescents , assured the writings .
proposed redirect this we ; that the condoms not are only after the this and these hundred are in writings of set public of the websites that these the young .
not is motivate the of .
or is of paying the writings and the writings , as he the governor writings gonzález , the him if would we of condoms in their administration .
&quot; not is the acceptance , what better is closer the condoms to who already taking a activity sexual &quot; , this .
writings in writings
there 13,435 cases cumulative ( 12,158 of aids and 1,317 of hiv ) .
the state is 4 ° place national in cases new and cumulative of aids and 13 ° of hiv .
92 % of the transmitted is to the to sexual , 6 % to the to now and 2 % to the to disturbing .
estimated that 50 billion people can be living with hiv already that for a case were there of 4 to 5 people that not what know .
writings for a court of appeals of states united a judgment that has the restructuring of the debt the group vitro obtained to a any trade in mexico , the on cart a precedent great for any company national with offshoots in the neighbouring country that have problems of undertakings .
would , because , that the procedures in happy of natural of the signatures that which the laws mexican not are valid in the country of the we and the stars , to writings of conventions international .
in the on practical , the boost to the judgment issued the 15 of june last for the judge writings writings of the court of writings for the district north of texas , leaves defenceless to the signatures mexican with to the possibility of embargo of their properties in beyond the credit .
without embargo , the resolution he opens the door to the main manufacturer of glass in mexico for their to the court by of the states united , this three writings .
of entry , while the judge of the cause out that the creditors must be for the law of writings of the states united , the court of appeals the fifth writings , with based in new orleans , says that the procedure main is the any trade he in mexico .
the first point would cannot the cooperation wants international in cases of insolvency of companies with profile writings .
of fact , towards that end was the law model of nations un for the writings the right trade international , willingly as umpire the diabolo the actually .
in second place , the judgment in that without the vote writings , recognized in the mass criticism the any trade the debts that they with their advocates the affiliates of vitro , not would achieved the majority required for approve the restructuring .
without embargo , the possibility the will the laws mexican .
of fact , the of vitro not has been the first case in that accept the textile .
that are average dozen of examples , between they writings and trade mexican , whose debts writings writings the institute federal of writings mercenary .
what true , also , is that writings the votes of the affiliates , of all directive the creditors of vitro that writings against this in the spanish of states united , is say the funds &quot; writings &quot; as writings capital , writings convergence , writings international and liverpool were , not will achieved majority .
the vote would been of 45 for cent against 37 .
the this what neglects the court of appeals .
since another look , this blame to vitro of the situation difficult that when to from the 2008 to peer of the serious crisis economic that when states united , writings the writings the country .
for what soon , the signing of the family gonzález writings more a resource of a to the own court of appeals for that the vote will the full of this , is say the five opposing , given that only voted three .
of not thrive this on: the resource of writings that requires the review the process for part of a instance higher , in this case the by court of justice of the states united .
what serious the case is that the court writings a document sent for the government of mexico under the that of before before ( &quot; friend of the court &quot; ) , in the that detailing the procedure followed for vitro under the framework of the law of writings mercenary , by that this writings with flame to the conventions signed for both countries for writings this with the chapter 15 of the law of writings of the states united .
more still , out that the country writings to the principles of the commission of the nations un for the trade international , is say the rules meant for cases detected of insolvency , that also fairness for debtors and creditors .
writings of two gangs and he powers to vitro and he powers the country .
assessment writings
writings for several months the complaints wrong in the table for the unions of mexican of aviation against the writings of the company , writings writings writings , to who accused of administration slid , the partnership trade of pilots writings already found the will of bottle .
the instance led for carlos vicente chávez writings just of present a demand criminal against the commission national banking and of values to who accused of enable to the justice .
according this , the authority supervisory has denied systematically to give reports to the writings general of the republic on a operation by for the employer for from the prejudging f / 589 the bank writings , to name of mexican of aviation , 198 million of lightweights .
the resources would channelled to the purchase of actions of the writings professional of hotels .
as you know , writings writings is the main headed of the chain of hotels writings .
writings the writings writings
gathered the end of week in a forum in the university the caribbean , a group of environmental national and foreign , academic , employers and member in general of the society civil were the creation of a with broad for oppose to the opening the writings writings chinese in has .
we about , as you know , of a huge centre of sale and distribution of face to mexico , central and the caribbean of products the country of the issue , with a area of housing the writings for employees of 150 companies .
previously the writings had achieved unify to the real of the area the to for oppose the beautiful writings that hectares with part of areas protected and poses the mother of all the writings against the industry .
died the writings
writings for the government a requirement the senate for explain under what terms and circumstances the ambassador of mexico in japan signed the agreement trade writings , known for their pass in english as acta , of agreement the institute mexican of the property industrial the matter already happened the still .
as you know , the action was despite to that the own senate had writings the possibility the it writings of the freedom of expression in the networks social .
writings to long writings
in efforts of pay debts of long the without affect the of short , the writings of housing writings is up in the market certified writings for 500 million of lightweights .
the emission is the first of four identical that offer pay interests every 28 days .
born writings
integrated for the companies writings , e-Quálity and writings , leaders in technology of the information , just of have a wto with reason social writings , whose aim will the market of services of the forging of software of centre and south .
the investments in the on over the 1.5 that of usd .
of &quot; writings &quot; pagan and &quot; the players has been my life &quot;
writings the players of &quot; writings &quot; pagan was more of 60 years linked the sport the writings and , thank to he , went the world is .
few people in port rico has a maize mental of the history the players local so wider as the has of &quot; writings &quot; pagan .
and is that before of that a 'tomahawk' writings what writings to a his of wheelchair in the 2008 , pagan was riots in the sport for more of 60 years , it as player of categories under , player the players higher national , itself and leading in the writings with the jeans of writings or president of the federation of players .
&quot; i seaside many writings in the players to through of my life , including several to the same time , as when was president the writings , managing general the team national and president writings for the years 90 &quot; , reminded pagan for a visit of first time to their home in writings , where does with writings , their faithful wife for more of 50 years .
&quot; the players has been my life &quot; .
pagan not it the to that some .
the would of their house , almost all writings with summit and writings that speeches their wider run , what point .
writings in the writings
of all , the that has with greater my are the that writings their step for the jeans since the of the has of the 50 as player to 1982 , when imf 15 years writings as writings or itself of the up .
&quot; these were my best years , the that more i writings because i the opportunity of be part of eight championships of the jeans since 1967 , already it as itself , writings or leading .
were many years of writings , including the five championships writings since 1971 to 1975 .
and then i concerning with one in the 1981 , the year of debut of writings writings in the writings .
of that in from was he &quot; writings &quot; writings , that was a great administrator &quot; , indicated pagan .
i that writings writings , that had at here and was in the university of turning ( birmingham ) , i said and &quot; you i a player well strong , of 6 &quot; 7 &quot; of made .
what your ? &quot;
and that was the principle of writings , one of the best players that has had port rico .
writings then recommended the writings from writings , that was writings and was one of our best marksmen .
i that said that if writings he had given a world to writings , writings help to bring another more .
the world of the jeans with writings what writings , but already to the distance , because for 1988 already on of writings writings .
for that time than enjoy of their allowed and the of writings in the team national .
i when he we for first time to states united for the writings in mexico of 1989 .
then wine the world of 1990 , where we quarter place and should have been bronze of not be for who umpire people that we was repeat the same end for second time , said pagan .
that group the world of 1990 is the better team national that see seen ?
is between the best , as that the that he won the writings writings in the olympics of 2004 .
but my writings was the of the writings in cuba in 1991 , when we gold and he we a writings the team of states united , that was quite similar the that we won the bronze in the world .
who team not only writings to writings , writings , writings writings , writings referred and &quot; writings &quot; ( writings ) , but that also had to ( javier ) &quot; writings &quot; christopher and james carter young , to the brothers a ( area and schiedermeier ) and to mauro &quot; quixote &quot; moral , that not had been be in the 90 because to a taken in the his .
a team that perhaps not was the better in terms of staff , but we was a receiving of gold and a great in was the the writings the 1995 in writings , argentina .
with players of role as &quot; writings &quot; writings , paul writings and a youth writings writings in to of the players suspended for the we the writings of sea the silver , we gold against all the forecasts .
what has been the better player of port rico ?
without doubt any , that has been writings writings .
their numbers to level of writings international are impressive .
no in port rico has dominated to that level as what was writings .
and that without have their run in the different than that play .
who has been the better leading writings ?
that is very difficult .
we had a writings very good that includes to july turned , by writings , carlos moral , from writings , writings torres .
of the young , i like much the work of read writings .
what writings your greater achievement in the federation ?
have been part of the was more glorious the team national between 1988 and 1995 and that to beginning of the 90 the writings had to 17 teams in a season .
what you was for to ?
there things that would wanted implement , as the regionalisation of the categories under .
for example , that the girls of writings only writings in their area and only writings teams of other they of the island in the writings national .
now same the children travel and their too of way unnecessary .
the less i the are of the then writings and course for leaders , official of table and arbiters .
that i am .
what asked now ?
what more that i is listen music , see avert of the music of my time in employ , writings to my grandchildren and of time in when go to games of players .
and clear , enjoy of the company of my wife , writings , that always has state me .
dies the actor writings writings
writings writings , born the 21 of september of 1931 , in writings writings ( texas ) , was cuisine famous for their role central as john writings ewing , more known as &quot; J.R &quot; . , in the series of television &quot; said: &quot; , in the that writings to a man of business without unscrupulous , malicious and challenge .
writings writings , whose role as the predatory acting tanker J.R. ewing in the series television &quot; said: &quot; became in a symbol of the greed in the has of 1980 , has died .
had 81 years .
writings , that came this year as J.R. in a new season of &quot; said: &quot; , died the on for the afternoon because to complications of cancer , of agreement with a from of the family provided to the basque basque for the adopt writings . , house begrudge of &quot; said: &quot; .
&quot; writings was of back in their colleagues city very of said: , yourself other time the role writings that more he like &quot; , said the family .
the family of writings and their friends more close were with he in said: for the writings the day of action of thank .
its writings , that sarkozy the role of their wife in the series original and in the sequel , was with writings when died in a hospital of said: , said the ‘the of she , great writings .
he was in to all the that standing .
was creative , writings , it , it , very and Żelazowa , and what writings it .
&quot; was a person original and but the life the maximum &quot; , stated writings in a from .
to writings he diagnosed cirrhosis cirrhosis in 1992 and recognised that had writings much for years .
in 1995 he angeles a tumour etiological in the liver and was to a transplantation .
years before of &quot; said: &quot; , writings was famous in the television as a kind decent in the writings there &quot; i writings of writings &quot; , basing for the chain writings of 1965 to 1970 .
in she writings the led tony nelson , a astronaut whose life is altered when is to a attractive out , dissatisfaction for writings writings , and the has to live with he to their house .
was a also of two writings that were little time the air , &quot; the good life &quot; ( writings , 1971-72 ) and &quot; writings we writings writings &quot; ( abc , 1973 ) .
their work in the cinema involving meant well by for the criticism in &quot; the members' &quot; , &quot; harry and writings &quot; and &quot; writings writings &quot; .
but was their shakespeare interpretation the writings absolutely J.R. the that was to writings to their maximum writings .
the series dramatic of the chain writings on the clan ewing and other people in their orbit was the air of april of 1978 to may of 1991 .
the phrase promotional &quot; writings writings J.R. ? &quot; , close for generate i in about to a that full of emotion in the that the like of writings almost is murdered , 'no' a speculation international and million of usd writings in houses of or .
also helped to give to the series a record of hearing in that time .
when was accepting the response in a chapter of november of 1980 , a average of 41 million of writings what writings and became to &quot; said: &quot; in the second programme of nowadays more seen of the history , behind the end of &quot; writings &quot; in 1983 , that had 50 million of spectators .
was the writings of J.R. , writings ( dissatisfaction for mary writings ) who he shot .
J.R. the writings and then the was with writings of result to less that outside of the city , but other also they for for writings .
writings sarkozy to ewing as a corrupt union's with a is writings and a employer writings and a it writings that tried that their wife impression , sue writings ( its writings ) , outside writings .
&quot; i know what that i in the writings of J.R &quot; . , said writings in 1988 .
should say and &quot; here lies the honest citizen J.R. ewing &quot; .
this is the only thinking that lost .
victory main , writings of the series original , reminded the on to writings as someone &quot; huge , within and outside of the screen &quot; .
is writings , and plant , for million of particular in the world , and in the hearts of every one of us , that we the fate of we and writings .
ten episodes of the new issue of &quot; said: &quot; were reported ago a months with great success for the you writings .
already had yet the may of five of the chapters for the second season and a sixth was in process , was the chain .
of immediate not there a statement of adopt or of writings on how writings the series the loss of writings .
writings of eib writings , texas , was son of the actress and tune mary martin , who writings works writings as &quot; south writings &quot; and &quot; peter bread &quot; .
martin was still a specifically when what had in 1931 for their they with the lawyer ben writings .
writings fate in the by writings of new york the principle of the has of 1950 , and then served in the force air of 1952 to 1956 in england .
while was there aware to the young writings swedish maj writings and married with she .
the partner had two children , writings and , and lived for long time in the city canned of writings , where are many believed .
in 2001 writings their her &quot; writings writings &apos; and writings ( and writings writings ) such writings writings life &quot; .
&quot; not seaside nothing there that i had that outside to writings to someone or writings of any way &quot; , said to press a in who time .
after the transplantation of liver became in promoter of the organ of organs and writings as voluntary in a hospital for attend to the patients being .
&quot; the advise , they i value , i have with they when come for their writings , and after &quot; , indicated in 1996 .
treatment of offer something of consolation , as &quot; not granting , will a little extent for a short time , but will to be well &quot; .
was also activist against the smoking of smoking and was in several campaigns .
source course that waves the &quot; end the world &quot;
every week , the students writings issues writings as the war nuclear , the writings , the virus and writings , and the warming global .
this six , when the professor in religion will writings decided provide a course on the end the world , knew that had with a writings writings and the end of the &quot; long account writings &quot; the timetable writings , the 21 of december , the that have clings many people as a proof of that is the end the world .
but writings not had idea of what that he expected in the next couple of months and the writings hurricane writings , a writings fiscal that some have called &quot; writings &quot; and a increasing conflict that involves to israel , the place where the of christians the end of the times believe that will the on .
&quot; not i realised account of that this was to be the six more apocalyptic that has there &quot; , said writings this week to the students of the university Rutgers-Camden ( new jersey ) .
if one reviews what that has state happening in the world today in day as if we to 30 days and that , this has been a period really good .
and remember that bad is good for those of mentality writings .
and he not is only professor that provides courses on the &quot; end the world &quot; this six , in theory the last of the history .
in writings , the professor will barry writings is running the course &quot; means , culture and the end the world &quot; .
every week , the students writings issues writings as the war nuclear , the writings , the virus and writings , and the warming global .
&quot; we for what these ideas are with the time &quot; , said , and the way in that offer by bringing that inform certain then human .
if the material nuclear is in hands of terrorists , for example , could must a war .
this month the students study films with issues writings and writings how compare with examples of the life real .
&quot; i treaty of inform to the students on what that is possible , likely , credible and impossible &quot; , said writings .
in the pillar main of the university state of concession , the professor of history of latin writings writings and their colleague writings writings , a teacher appended of history the art and writings , have fact team for provide a course , entitled only &quot; the end the world &quot; .
&quot; not writings &apos; 2012 &apos; for have always with the option of provide the course of new , in case of that the world not in &quot; , said writings .
despite to the &quot; put certain &quot; , the students must to , generate projects and take medical end .
in writings it , the examination end will taken in eve the on , what that not leaves to the students other option more that work &quot; to the same night in that is that the world expires &quot; , said writings .
the courses were quite popular .
&quot; writings in two hours &quot; , said writings on their course for students with high average , that particularly with 35 students .
we messages for email an for weeks and weeks before the beginning the six , of people that from if still had place .
the students , for their part , they that the course is one of the more interesting .
&quot; i is fascinating see what that they the people for think to same &quot; , said writings obtained , a student of the career in religion and slovak of 23 years of writings , new jersey , in Rutgers-Camden .
and is that the mentality writings , secular or religious , is only question of consolation or of the absence the same .
writings writings , a student of the career of writings and writings , of 25 years , said have seen all the films flood .
&quot; never had listened on a kind that could teach that &quot; , indicated .
what i .
but no student interviewed - and much less a professor - said believe in the date of shorter the 21 of december .
&quot; our first project by on the engaging writings and of certain way what writings &quot; , said writings writings , student of last year in writings , of 21 years and of west writings .
the natural never writings the end the world ; is so only a point key in the timetable , said writings .
but writings that there a anxiety writings in the culture western , that back to several dating , in that the people react to the changes to their around leading the end the world .
internet has caused a rise of these it .
&quot; in other on the people not of in this &quot; , said .
in mostly in the world of about english .
joseph writings , a professor of religion of the university the writings that gives courses in the philippines this year , he quickly to the question of if knew on some course on the &quot; end the world &quot; that .
&quot; the philippines not are in the end the world &quot; , wrote , implying a derogation of a authority higher .
we a pardon the pope .
writings was point that to what long of the years has spoken of many days the trial end , and said that if not is nothing the 21 of december , &quot; the people will to think of immediate in the next date &quot; or to military that the 21 of december is the beginning of a period of seven years the out of the which end the world .
students and teachers are taking to the there the date .
several said that think go to seasons &quot; the end the world &quot; .
&quot; such time himself to some friends for that we writings together &quot; , told writings ford , student of communications of 20 years .
