Parliament Does Not Support Amendment Freeing Tymoshenko
Today , the Ukraine parliament dismissed , within the Code of Criminal Procedure amendment , the motion to revoke an article based on which the opposition leader , Yulia Tymoshenko , was sentenced .
The amendment that would lead to freeing the imprisoned former Prime Minister was revoked during second reading of the proposal for mitigation of sentences for economic offences .
In October , Tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for entering into what was reported to be a disadvantageous gas deal with Russia .
The verdict is not yet final ; the court will hear Tymoshenko &apos;s appeal in December .
Tymoshenko claims the verdict is a political revenge of the regime ; in the West , the trial has also evoked suspicion of being biased .
The proposal to remove Article 365 from the Code of Criminal Procedure , upon which the former Prime Minister was sentenced , was supported by 147 members of parliament .
Its ratification would require 226 votes .
Libya &apos;s Victory
The story of Libya &apos;s liberation , or rebellion , already has its defeated .
Muammar Kaddafi is buried at an unknown place in the desert . Without him , the war is over .
It is time to define the winners .
As a rule , Islamists win in the country ; the question is whether they are the moderate or the radical ones .
The transitional cabinet declared itself a follower of the customary Sharia law , of which we have already heard .
Libya will become a crime free country , as the punishment for stealing is having one &apos;s hand amputated .
Women can forget about emancipation ; potential religious renegades will be executed ; etc .
Instead of a dictator , a society consisting of competing tribes will be united by Koran .
Libya will be in an order we cannot imagine and surely would not ask for .
However , our lifestyle is neither unique nor the best one and would not , most probably , be suitable for , for example , the people of Libya .
In fact , it is a wonder that the Islamic fighters accepted help from the nonbelievers .
Their only excuse is that from their point of view , NATO raids were not controlled by an American general , but Allah , the greatness of whom they celebrated with each strike .
When winners are sought for in Libya , the West is not on the list .
We participated in a shooting , served Islam , and our politicians got rid of a dictator , their political ally , without any guarantee of profit .
Given the recent bad experience from Afghanistan and Iraq , we decided against military occupation of Libya .
The locals thus do not have to worry about expelling of the &quot; crusaders . &quot;
Without the occupation , will the oil companies get Libya &apos;s black gold for next to nothing , though ?
It is quite likely that they will not . The West will then finally be able to boast about its selfless protection of human rights .
Unless the followers of the Sharia law put a stop to that .
New Era of Crisis Commences
France and the rest of Europe are now in the investors &quot; spotlight .
A statistical storm blew over Europe on Tuesday .
Individual countries released their 3Q GDP data .
Between quarters , the Czech economy stagnated ; Germany and France are growing .
Yet the debit market is breaking records today .
Investors are no longer looking at only Italy ; they now focus on Spain , France , Austria , and others .
Eurozone statistical offices in Germany , Czech Republic , and some other countries , released their preliminary estimates of economic development in the third quarter .
Germany &apos;s GDP has grown by the expected 0.5 % ; and France &apos;s by 0.4 % .
Both countries also adjusted their second quarter data , where Germany did better than expected ( a 0.3 % increase instead of the original 0.1 % ) . France reported a slight decrease , by 0.1 % ( the original information suggested stagnation ) .
In this year &apos;s third quarter , the Czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5 % .
Between the quarters though , the GDP stagnated . According to the Czech Statistical Office , this confirmed the trend of a gradual slowing of economic growth .
The results are worse than estimates by analysts .
Key events :
In this year &apos;s third quarter , Czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5 % ; however , it stagnated between the quarters .
Based on preliminary and seasonal data , in the third quarter , the German economy grew by 0.5 % .
Between July and September , the economy of both the Eurozone and the European Union grew , compared to the previous quarter , by 0.2 % , which corresponds with estimates by analysts .
The Greek economy showed an interim decrease of 5.2 % .
The earnings on its 10-year bonds are 28.45 % .
Earnings of both Italian and Spanish bonds are growing towards critical limits .
Even Austria , Netherlands , France , and Belgium , etc. are beginning to experience problems .
Despite the fact that the situation in the region is getting worse , earnings of Czech 1 - year bonds stay under 4 % .
Voices are coming from Germany , suggesting that ECB be the last resort creditor .
Czechs qualified for EURO .
In Montenegro they won 1 : 0 and celebrate a 200 million windfall .
Football representation successfully managed the toughest task of the season !
Thanks to both the great Čech and beautiful goal of Petr Jiráček , they won 1 : 0 .
In the second half , Czech football was lucky to maintain its luxury lead from the home return match , and will again feature at the European Championship .
IHNED.cz watched the progress match in a detailed report .
Nearly no excitement in the first half , and a great portion of luck in the other .
Czech representation team , partially due to the home team &apos;s failure in the close ; the great Čech ; and heroic Jiráček ; won 1 : 0 in Montenegro , and celebrates moving on to the European Championship .
Perfect Czech team defence only allowed the Montenegro team to threaten in the second half .
Damjanovic and Vucinic became the match &apos;s least lucky couple after losing two great opportunities .
The wonderful Petr Čech is one of the reasons the Czech representation team will not miss the next year &apos;s European Championship . And Czech football will thus gain nearly 200 million Czech Crowns .
From the opening minutes , the game was very pugnacious .
Both teams found it difficult to join in the combination ; the game remained around the mid-field line most of the time .
That was also why there was no pressure from the home team in the first half . Long kicks behind the defence were neatly averted by the Czech defence .
Iranian Students Are Prepared to Die for Their Country &apos;s Nuclear Program
They created a live shield .
Several hundred university students created a live chain around the nuclear power plant in Iran .
The gesture is to express their support of their country &apos;s nuclear program against a possible Israel attack .
At Tuesday noon , students &apos; prayers in front of the building were followed by their chanting of death to both the USA and Israel .
In Isfahan , Iran , several hundred university students created a live chain around Isfahan Uranium Conversion Facility .
This way , they express their readiness to protect their country &apos;s nuclear program with their own lives .
In its recent report , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) stated that everything leads to the conclusion that Iran has not stopped striving for a nuclear weapon .
Possible attack on Iran nuclear facilities has been discussed in Israel .
At Tuesday noon , students &apos; prayers in front of the entrance into Isfahan Uranium Conversion Facility were followed by their chanting of death to both the USA and Israel .
In case of an attack , aimed at the highest possible paralysation of the Iranian nuclear program , the targets would be , based on Israel press , the facilities in both Isfahan and Natanz , where the uranium is being enriched .
An Obese Child &apos;s Diet : No breakfast and sausage for dinner
Over a third of children between 9 and 13 are overweight ; while 9 % of schoolchildren are overweight , 5 % are obese .
As a recent research shows , obese children usually come from families with unhealthy lifestyle .
Again , we can see the importance of the environment and models surrounding a human being for his or her healthy development .
For example , sausages occur up to half more frequently on the tables of obese children compared to the families of children with standard weight .
Over 19 % of obese children had fried chips for dinner the day before the research connected to the educational event called Obesity is No Accident .
Moreover , the families of obese children do not practise sports . However , this concerns a majority of families of current schoolchildren - only 15 % of the children said their parents find time for sports activities at least once a week .
The research was performed among 900 children .
The research took place at the end of last year &apos;s school year ; it included almost 900 elementary school children from throughout Bohemia .
It was the second year of the Obesity is No Accident event supported by both Všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna insurance company and Unilever .
So far , the project has been joined by over 12 thousand school children from 4th to 8th grades .
Proper diet and sufficient sports activities represent key defining factors causing dramatically growing number of children who are either overweight or obese .
&quot; For example , only half of those inquired said they have five meals a day , in the breakfast-snack-lunch-snack-dinner pattern , one of the basic preconditions of correct diet , &quot; one of the results of the research says .
No lunch and sausage in the evening
Experts warn that even relative details are crucial for healthy development ; such as a regular time of family breakfast .
In the Czech Republic , only 23 % of schoolchildren &apos;s families have breakfast together .
In a majority of families , everyone has breakfast separately .
The worst discovery was the fact that in one tenth of households people do not have breakfast at all .
Yet breakfast is the core of proper daily diet .
A survey has shown that fries are consumed more often in the families of obese children .
Nearly everyone - regardless of their weight - drinks sweet soft drinks every day ( 70 % ) .
Though over 40 % of children do sports regularly , the number drops down to less than a half - 15 % - when it comes to their parents .
Compose your own menu
Another part of the survey allowed selected children ( 204 boys and 172 girls from 13 schools ) to compose their own menu based on selection offered and their taste and opinions .
&quot; Diet preferences of Czech children between 12 and 15 are far from ideal as regards healthy diet . &quot;
Their favourite meals include large number of flour , meat , and sweet dishes .
&quot; Especially alarming is the high popularity of sweet soft drinks , &quot; the final report of the survey concludes .
As the main dish for lunch , pasta won very tightly over poultry .
However , children showed very little interest in legumes , fish , and vegetable lunches .
Tendency towards health
The survey also showed that children are willing to adjust their eating habits provided they are given correct information .
&quot; Many participants from the survey control group showed a significant shift of preferences towards healthy food when completing a questionnaire after the end of the Obesity is No Accident educational lecture , &quot; project results show .
This was quite significant , for example , in case of sweet soft drinks , where more children would begin to prefer plain water .
In addition , for their main course , children ticked poultry and fish more often , limiting sweet meals and dumplings .
A Stylist Must Also Be a Good Psychologist , Professionals Claim
In the opening article on stylist training , I was complaining a bit about the amount of information in the introductory lessons .
I had no idea what was coming .
Lectures by three experts from the field ; dressing tips for difficult figures ; and a seminar on how it works in practise .
And more is yet to come .
The closer we get to the final exam , the more information and practical tasks await .
The training takes place every Saturday and Sunday , but it is really packed with information .
This time , together with Alenka , the Director , ( there is not a single man in the course ) we discussed how to dress a woman whose body is not in perfect symmetry .
A majority of women are not perfectly symmetrical .
One has a short neck , the other has a boyish figure without proper curves , yet another is overweight .
A stylist must know how to optically soften wide shoulders , make the neck look longer , or add the curves necessary .
We were given tips on how to accentuate the figure of women such as Jennifer Lopez , i.e. with bigger breasts and hips and narrow waist , and not to dress them too provocatively .
For example , if the difference between the waist and hips is such that the skirt or trousers do not fit , it is worth to have at least one piece custom-made .
You will definitely not regret the investment , as perfectly fitting clothes are priceless .
In a custom-made skirt , you will feel much better than in one that keeps shifting , rolling up , sticking out in your waist , etc .
Boyish figures , on the other hand , can wear clothes with ruffling , appliqué , embroidery , or shirring .
Given the abundance of such information and figure types , I am glad to have a whole week to sort it all out in my head .
Still , I fear it is too much , with regard to the homework we were given .
Each of the course participants was given a celebrity to create two outfits for : day and night .
We must consider their current appearance , their fashion style , and figure type .
I am to dress Miranda Kerr whom you may know from the Victoria &apos;s Secret campaigns .
Inside I rejoice , as she is so much easier to dress than , say , Britney Spears , Christina Aguilera , who has recently gained about a ton ( please , understand I am exaggerating ) , or the very young Selena Gomez .
We must cut the clothes out of magazines or find them on the Internet and print and graphically process them .
Moodboard , as the result is called , then expresses our personal style and attitude to graphic depiction .
It is important to think about the graphic part of styling .
A stylist does not just dress physical people , but creates product pages in magazines ( based on specific instructions , for example , trendy purses , coats , etc . ) .
This is what a stylist and designer , Mario Kameník , was telling us about .
But that was not until Sunday .
A stylist needs general knowledge
Saturday &apos;s lecture , filled with information on figure types , was livened up by three guests from the field .
A stylist , Honza Pokorný ; a fashion designer , Jakub Polanka ; and a fashion photographer , Ben Renč .
Jakub reminded us that fashion is an illusion , and a stylist should be able to use this fact .
A good stylist can work with a single piece of clothing in different ways .
In this case , variability is key .
For example , a trench coat may be worn in the standard way , over jeans and T-shirt , as a coat ; but it may also be worn on naked body , with step-ins , as a dress .
Another option is rolling up the sleeves or collar , and the entire look changes completely .
&quot; Play with it , &quot; he emphasised .
However , I appreciated the following advice the most : &quot; For your work , you need to know the rules perfectly . &quot;
&apos;Then you can start breaking them , &apos; Jakub told us .
Here I finally understood why we drill all the definitions and rules of what to combine with what and why , while in fashion magazines we often see something else .
Not to mention fashion shows .
From Ben , the photographer , I learned that a stylist must have more outfit versions prepared than the number he is to take pictures of .
So , for a ten-page fashion story ( equals ten outfits ) , I have to be ready to create at least fifteen of them .
Now I also know that in the picture , a piece of clothing often looks and functions in combination with others completely different from reality .
We must therefore take that into consideration when creating an outfit .
Honza Pokorný confirmed that image and style often are half the success .
Just look at Madonna , who is no miraculous singer , yet her image and marketing turned her into a worldwide star .
The attitude towards stylist services is still rather cold in the Czech Republic .
Even famous people often consider it redundant ( believing it is sufficient to be good at something , and how they look at it comes second ) .
And if someone finally lets us create their styling , then we should expect them to give us different ( smaller ) size than what they really wear .
Then , we are left to Google and find out if the tabloids wrote something about a celebrity gaining / losing weight , etc .
On Sunday , both Honza and Mario were stressing the fact that for a stylist it is not enough to know about fashion and be able to create an outfit .
Our work chiefly consists of communicating with people we dress ; it is therefore important to be a good psychologist .
To be able to estimate people , not to pander , and stick to one &apos;s opinion .
&quot; If a manager asks you to go through her clothes and add some nice pieces , you cannot throw out her entire wardrobe telling her how awful the clothes are . &quot;
&quot; Find at least a few pieces you can praise , and recommend what to wear them with &quot; Mario says .
He also showed us what specifically a duty bag must contain .
That is the bag you fasten around your waist to carry all the props you need .
Aside from the obvious things , such as scissors , a sticky roller , or safety pins , it should have a nylon thread ( for the stylist to use when taking pictures of products such as purses or hats ) , special clip-ons for holding the clothes in the back in case it is too large ( pins and similar things are forbidden as they damage the clothes ) , or a sewing set .
To have some change from listening , and gain some practical experience , we learned how to properly underlay shoe soles .
Even when taking photographs in a studio where the surface is even , the soles might get damaged - not to mention shooting outside .
And so we were sticking away .
You must not touch the shoes with the scissors , to avoid any damage .
This requires real skill .
Mario pleased me by praising my job .
The skills mentioned are really not my cup of tea .
This is just a fragment of what we heard during the second weekend course session .
I am beginning to realise that to be a professional stylist is no piece of cake , no matter what people say .
V Need for Speed : The Run takes place across America .
Review
An originally carefree ride turned into a routine morning drive to work because of a series of completely superfluous and sloppy mistakes .
The ambitions were met to a certain point , but it does not matter since nobody obviously wanted to do any extra work .
Before it was released , the new version subtitled The Run created high expectations .
It promised to shift the old Need For Speed racing series in a new direction ; the demos made it look like a game that might stand up in the action racing genre .
We were curious to see the sections where the main character gets out of the car and runs .
Typical for the NFS series though , in the end many things are different from what we expected .
The game represents a possibly decent arcade race , but the whole is burdened by several unnecessary mistakes featured in the series for a number of years .
This means they are not really mistakes , but the expression of an incomprehensible laziness of the developers .
The adventure opens very well .
You are introduced into a story , where the main character , Jack , decides to solve some personal issues by participating in an illegal race across America .
You get in the car on the west coast , in San Francisco , and your task is to be the first one to reach New York .
The idea brings several interesting features .
The route is divided into ten stages , subdivided into over fifty races .
This means each race takes place on a different route , and given stages are set in varied and interesting environments .
One thus does not feel the game keeps offering the same things .
Despite the graphics being on the same level of previous parts of the series , some of the environments are very nice to look at .
Still , it is nothing world-shattering .
Driving through the desert , autumnal countryside , or high in snow-covered mountains is visually very pleasant though .
In addition , the races are , from time to time , enlivened by an untypical feature .
For example , in the desert , you get into a sandstorm , significantly decreasing the visibility .
On the other hand , in the mountains , you have to be careful not to get under an avalanche .
Individual races are ordered fairly well .
There are just a few types , but it is sufficient .
For a while , you try to overtake a number of competitors ( basically a regular race ) ; then you try to beat the time ( standard stopwatch race ) ; or you are in a duel with a single rival .
On top of everything else you sometimes come across the police who make your efforts more difficult .
The parts outside the car are new .
They are just interactive animations , where most of the time Jack is running away from someone and you need to help him by pressing the right buttons at the right time .
Nothing difficult .
It is a surprise though , that these parts are much less in number than you would expect ( just three to be precise ) .
It actually turns out to be good for the game , because this feature does not get to be boring ; within what was already said , it is one of the things that make the game more entertaining .
The driving model follows the footsteps of the previous parts .
This means that it is nothing special anymore , but it cannot be considered a negative .
If you are looking for a real-to-life simulation , you will have to look elsewhere .
Still , this driving model is fully suitable for the action style racing , even though we could find better at the competition .
So far , everything is just right .
However , after some time , problems come .
In contrast with the driving model , the collision model is not that good .
From a game of this type , one does not expect complicated deformations and collisions , but when you have no idea , before crashing into any object , how your car will act , something is not right .
Typically , when overtaking or passing cars tightly in common traffic , you sometimes lightly touch the other car . Yet sometimes in nearly identical situation your car ends up in wild pirouettes .
Or , crashed completely .
This is not such a big deal due to the restart system , but is enough to spoil the fun .
The restarts are done so that if you crash or get far off the track , the game takes you back to the last interrupted point .
Nevertheless , there are only five restarts available per each race .
If you use them up , you have to start the race from the beginning .
This makes it an aid in case something does not work out , but you cannot rely on it completely .
Sometimes the restarts are not enough and you need to learn a given section of the race by heart .
A significant shortcoming of the game is the fact that the same things often happen in the same places .
For example , some turns have to be driven through in a specific way , otherwise you simply do not fit in .
At other times you meet civilian cars at a given place in the very same configuration , no matter if you come first , fifth , five seconds earlier , or one minute later .
This is especially annoying in situations where you can see how your rival drives through the two cars coming in the opposite direction so easily , while when you get there , the cars are already positioned so that you have to either drive around or slow down .
It makes no difference when you get to them ; everything is set so that the situation always occurs just in front of your nose .
The competitors have other advantages , too .
While playing the game , you find several places , where , regardless of time , the same competitor overtakes you at the very same spot .
This is most obvious at the end of the game , on a long bridge , where you are driving in the opposite direction .
Obviously , your rival has to get in front of you no matter what .
The thing is that when he is driving in front of you , he makes your vision worse , which causes you to crash the car a few times in the section .
One can understand the attempt at making the game more interesting and adrenalin-filled , but it is so obvious it gets annoying quickly .
It &apos;s a pity , because despite the simple driving model , the game is entertaining and sometimes even so full of action you do not have time to pay attention to what is happening around you .
It is not important whether the reason you do not get bored is the concept with fifty unique tracks , ordering of races , or something else .
The idea of changing cars during races is unusual .
You have to watch out for gas stations along the way , as that is where you car may change despite the fact that in most of the cases the one you have is fully sufficient .
Cars are divided into three categories .
Sports cars are suitable for cities ; strong American cars for straight highway sections ; and exotic supersports cars for technical driving , such as along crooked mountain tracks .
The key story mode is closely connected with the challenge mode ; these are the races in individual locations you know from the story .
Here , you gain both medals and experience points for your profile , common for both challenges and the story .
Various features unlock fir getting a higher driver level : starting with cars and ending with profile backgrounds .
Again , the profile is interconnected with an on-line Autolog function , which , among other things , compares the results you have reached with those of other players , and ensures community functions .
Yet another setback difficult to understand ; is the situation from the last race in the story .
You and your car get into a subway tunnel ( let &apos;s say you do ) , where you speed down the tracks in the darkness ( let &apos;s say you do ) .
Your speedometer shows numbers from 150 to 200 km / h ( let &apos;s say it does ) , when suddenly , a subway train comes running down from behind you , turning your car into a pile of scrap metal .
For several days , our editorial staff kept discussing whether when designing the game no one thought for a moment or whether its authors really think we are such morons .
The technical part of the game is nothing extraordinary ; but the overall visual impression is mostly pleasant , sometimes even great .
It is a pity though , that in some dramatic moments , the recording , in some cases rather tragically , decreases .
This especially concerns accidents with large number of participants , where fluent recoding would not help you much anyway .
The sound is all right ; the soundtrack is a matter of taste .
In order to please the widest possible young audience , the soundtrack is &apos; flecked in from all quarters &apos; ; but there probably will not be many people buying the game because of its music .
Overall impression of Need for Speed : The Run is quite confused .
If the game avoided those clearly redundant mistakes , we could sincerely say that The Run is the best part of NFS for the past several years .
However , the game feels unfinished .
It surely is a nice entertainment , but prepare to be blinded by the mistakes with the strength of airport spotlights .
UK &apos;s Choirs Will Sing at the Students for Velvet Concert
The third year of the Festa Academia Festival offers joining the international Students &apos; Day and Velvet Revolution anniversary with a musical event .
It will introduce about twenty high school and university choirs .
The main focus of the festival is on two concerts taking place on November 17 .
&quot; Charles University has been greatly involved in the festival . &quot;
&quot; Participating choirs include the Choir of the Pedagogical Department and Humanities ; Václav Hampl , the Rector , will be in the committee , &quot; Jakub Čaloun , head of the organisation team says .
The climax will be a free public concert by high school choirs , which takes place at 2 p.m. , on November 17 , at a plaza in front of the National Technical Library in Dejvice .
Celebration Jazz Mass , a piece by an important Czech jazzman , Karel Růžička is on the programme .
In the evening , in the ceremonial National House in Vinohrady , there will be a &quot; Students for Velvet &quot; concert , featuring university choirs , including those from the Charles University .
The aim of Festa Academica is to celebrate the international Students &quot; Day and commemorate the 22nd anniversary of the Velvet Revolution with dignity ; as well as to present the public with top quality choir music , and to develop creative cooperation among young people .
The chief organiser is českých pěveckých sborů ( Czech Choirs ) in cooperation with Jan Kepler &apos;s Grammar School .
The entire event is under the auspices of Bohuslav Svoboda , Lord Mayor of Prague , and Václav Hampl , Rector of Charles University .
The festival takes place from November 16 to 20 , in Prague and Pardubice .
The programme offers both ceremonial concerts and numerous musical meetings , students &quot; happenings , matinées , and more .
For detailed information please visit festival web pages at : www.festaacademica.cz
EU Ambassadress Vicenová :
Czechs have the reputation of being negative and euro-sceptical
&quot; Lisbon Treaty caused significant imbalance between individual institutions . &quot;
&quot; I did not expect it to be such a tough war . &quot;
&quot; It will take five or six years before the situation becomes somewhat stable , calm , and before all players get used to their new roles , &quot; EU Ambassadress Milena Vicenová opened her lecture at the Law Department sharply .
She proved how true she is to her &quot; Clearly and openly about Europe &quot; motto in the very first part of her lecture , where she described individual EU organs and the relationships between them in such a clear and intelligible , way that many lecturers from the UK Law Dept. could be jealous .
Moreover , Vicenová praised the work of new long-term President of the European Council , Herman Van Rompuy :
&quot; At first , critics said he was plain , a grey office mouse who cannot fulfil any roles ; I have to say everyone was amazed at how wonderfully he acquitted his role . &quot;
&quot; He is a person who can listen to all twenty-seven member states , communicate with them perfectly , and who has a clear vision of where the EU should be headed . &quot;
She explained her new position of foreign affairs and security policy representative as a reply to a question : &quot; Who is the European Union ? Which phone number should I call ? &quot; ; i.e. as an important step to unification and better clarity of Union &apos;s policy towards countries such as China or India .
No One Wants To Ban Our Cheese Specialties
Vicenová further focused on the agenda crucial for the EU in the past , present , and near future .
She described Czech presidency from the year before last as a success .
Czechs were dealing with the coming financial crisis ; they solved the as crisis ; and organised the East Partnership Summit .
She said the fall of the government at the time was a great negative causing significant damage to the Czech Republic .
Currently , Czech representatives in the EU has been very busy .
As the ambassadress said , both the presidency and the following financial crisis caused an ongoing stirring .
In addition , a new seven-year EU budget needs to be passed , which is very complicated due to the current crisis .
Whether the budget will be slim and frugal ; which fields will be given preference ; which countries will be supported more and which less ; all of that is on the coming agenda .
The ambassadress reminded the key slogans she took to Brussels : &quot; About Europe , Clearly . &quot;
&quot; I really do not like all the abbreviations , foreign words , and jargon no one understands .
How are citizens supposed to understand that in Brussels , people are not trying to come up with crooked or round cucumbers , different size bananas , or that someone wants to ban our cheese specialties.&apos;
She also wants to use the EU environment better , and get more Czechs into European institutions .
Multispeed Europe Is Coming
The ambassadress says Czechs are said to be Euro-sceptics ; as well as people noticing the negative rather than the positive sides of things .